# winter

### 2023-04-07 10:53 - open-source and goeevernments

yesterday in your cast of the 1v1 game, you mentioned that you'd like to see the income bars a little bit bigger and more accessible to casters (perhaps in graph format) for them to show. I too would really love the feature, because I pretty much exclusively watch casts of the game, and would love to see the same thing. when you said the feature idea, I could see a picture in my head of the one in sc2 where it shows the resource delta for the two opposing factions.

this gives me an opportunity to talk about programming and open-source in general (I hypenate the idea, because the whole idea of "open source" in in its many flavours of GPL, MIT, BSD are all similar in principle, that the source is publically available, disipte dfferences in the license). I perceive open-source a bit like a government, in that there are essentially *finite* programming resources available for any project; and, the programmers are the politicians. therefore, the features/issues that feel the most desirable to the programmers to accomplish are the ones that end up getting done. I call this style of interaction the value-desire model and it's motivated (in some larger corporations) monetarily, but usually dictatorally with an iron fist (whatever the chain of command going up to the CEO wants); obviously, this (usually) isn't present in an open-source project.

in an open-source project, because there is no value motivation it doesn't matter how great or valuable the thing is, if itt's not desirable, it simply won't get programming resources allocated to it. this is where the idea of lobbying starts to come into effect. players have their own desire for new features, and in order to get those desires into the game, they need to be promoted/lobbied in a way which makes the desire to the player to also become desirable to the programmers, as well (remember, they're just volunteering anyway).

there is, often times, a very big gap between the reality of the player who is playing a finished product with finite game resources, where all things desirable take the amount of build time in the game. a programmer, OTH, is playing with a (usually very) unfinished product, but has infinite game resources and everything builds instantly -- so the limitation they see is looked at in terms of implementation cost. it's a very different frame of mind. the difference between the two is simply the "physicality" of the desire: the more physical (well defined) the desire is, the easier it is to implement. I'll now demonstrate:

in bar, there are two (or three) different resources to show in the graph that you're wanting to display: metal and energy(and maybe buildpower used/available). we're going to imagine the x-axis as the temporal component, -- but obviously the energy and metal deltas grows at very different rates. therefore, the y-axis cannot be all the same. therefore, we must imagine two (or maybe three) graphs overlaid on top of each other.

those graphs already exist essentially, in the end-game statistics screen, so we can imagine that the technology/capacity to make those graphs is going to be the code that's used/copied to make the new graph. so let's look at the differences:

1. the line needs to be much thicker
2. two lines: one yellow/energy and one silver/metal will show the delta between the *two* (cause more would break the graph) sides (one above the x-axis and one below)
3. the delta legend needs to show on the right/left side, both the peak metal and the peak energy production amounts (along with a few between amounts maybe at 2/3 and 1/3 or something)

pretty easy. now, all that needs to be done is to create an image with this mock (if possible), because visuals really help a lot to make something feel "easy" to one of the programmers to implement -- simply because they can see it really easily. put those finite number of differences to existing functionality into the list to additionally make the feature feel more "easy" (and desirable) for the programmer to accomplish. what he'll be thinking is "wow, that's like an easy thing to do, and the result (which I'm looking at) is pretty cool." -- and so then their ego and desire to show off will get the best of them (least, anyway, that's how it works for me... lol)

that's a nice seguey into the next thing, which is to try and not conflate bugs/issues too much with desire. *every project* open source, or not will have a mountain of bugs and issues stacked up somewhere. because they're "issues", they're inherently a bit more undesirable than the other things that can be done. issues are kinda like the sewer system of the project. it's really not that sexy to be working on bugs.

I'll classify all things in a scale of desire and their related emotions here:
l. issues (fear, hate, unwanted)
2. improvements (it'd be nice, hopeful, butt usually no vision)
3. new functionality (desirable, but only when the other more important things are done)

it's a bit unfortunate that on github all aspects of the project are put into the first category. in fact, myself I read code a lot on github, and I'm a fairly sensitive person, so I feel oftentimes the same thing other people feel looking/observing the same thing -- and I can tell you that the issues page really has a lot of foreboding feeling to it. personally, I perfer to read the commits and the code instead, so I can feel what the various new features or bugfixes feel like to the programmer committing the change. there's a bit of euphoria associated with completing/committing something at the end of a lot of hard work.

some programmers (like me) enjoy the idea of going out and hanging out with others in a non-social environment after committing a new set of features. in a typical office environment, we would go down and get drinks and celebrate a bit after accomplishing something big. it was a nice reward for the effort and a huge emotional payoff, as well. this isn't often times present in open-source projects, simply because the programmers are often in different locations physically. therefore, I believe it's important to do a lot of "team building" exercises (aka "the drunk pump"), and what ends up happening here is that you get the guys out there and get them feeling really good about the progress you're making.
it's possible for this to backfire, if one isn't sincere about it. I'll explain from the perspective of a tech startup: imagine a CEO type that's got a much better financial recompense than you will ever hope to get from the project -- yet, because you *like* and believe in the project so much, you're excited to be doing all this work because you also play the game yourself and you really like what you're creating. the CEO guy needs to share in the excitement and actually find a way to appreciate the features/improvements (but not really issues because everyone hates those) that the programmer is producing for the team. for a game or social media product, that's pretty easy if you also use/play the game/product yourself. think of it this way: you like what they're creating for you (and the work they're doing), and you like them as a person -- so it's basically a perfect match in your mind. I've been in this position, and I just love people so much myself, so this comes unbelievably natural to me. so I'm trying to put into words what it is, but a personal connection and appreciation of the team is what makes you inspire good work from them. don't be a bill lumberg :)

that's all for now, cheers
kenny

### 2023-04-07 12:40 - bugs and lobbies

last time I talked about how open-source projects can be looked at, essentially like a government institution -- and I hadn't actually thought about why that is until just now. I think what happens is that bureaucracy causes a llot of fragmentation in the body, making all of the parts seemingly work without any meaningful relation one to another. this is similar to open-source projects because they are (usually) just a bunch of volunteers working on things that they want to do, so everyone working, kinda feels like they're out there working by theirselves.

when I say meaningful communication, the fundamental way to have meaningful communication with someone is to have a unifying vision which roots the conversation and serves as the foundation for expansion and greater detail into the nuances of that image. if you've been a part of a curch or a political interest group, you'll know that this unifying vision is really important and serves as the centre point around which everything turns (or, should anyway). what happens in both governments (and open-source) is that the various parts of the body are compartmentalised into manageable sections (I'm working on this issue, and you're working on that feature), and so there is division of labour, which is definitely necessary -- however, what it's lacking is a big-picture (unifying vision) of what it is that the project is doing.

when I say "big-picture" I am not referring so much to any physical aspect of the thing -- but more to the goals, motivations, and aspirations to a project. it sounds funny to say this because we see software as a utility or tool, and so therefore look at its functtionality, foremost; however, all things have an underlying desire below it.

I'll explain this underlying desire for me: I played TA *literally* since the day it came out. I preordered it and had it in my hands (I believe) the day it hit shelves (or within the first week). I loved the game because for me the idea of taking resources and making bigger and bigger things was something that was intoxicating to me. I played a lot of legos as a kid, so I was intent on building my own units as well. I learned 3d modeling and animation, largely because I wanted to make my own TA units. I wanted tto be able to modify, expand and improve my units to have the best unit composition to more and more effectively break through the enemies base.

I didn't really play with any micro at all, simply setting my factories to rally to different parts of the map or patrol positions and then just expand my factory bigger and bigger. I actually hated micro, and found that the interface wouldn't at all do what I wanted the units to do. I wanted them to be able to do things that individuals would do -- as if they were autonomous units, like soldiers, capable of doing things like dodging missles and stuff (I did *not* want to micro that "obvious" stuff). well, that was *before* I had learned to program, so my ideas of being able to program my units to behave the way I wanted them to do was -- optimistic (it's a lot harder to program an AI than it looks).

since back then I've been trying to figure out how to get lots of subordinate units to perform and do tthe things that I desire for them to do. I've been in various leadership positions from churches to tech companies (nothing significant like a commander though), because my entire life has been all about how to get a lot of individuals performing tasks in parallel. turns out, this style of thinking is quite relevant today when processor speed isn't increasing as quickly as the number of cores -- and so it seems like all of society in general is taking things out of a sequential frame of mind (like a play, script, or movie) and into a system where the unifying-vision is being played out by multiple *independent* and *autonomous* actors.

this shift in consciousness is, the difference between top-down (sequential, single director) like a play/script/movie, to bottom-up (grass-roots, parallel, autonomous) like an organism, style of perception. our computers are doing it, so we should be too -- and, a game, such as bar, will undoubtedly need to continue to divide the amount of calculation that it has to do in increasingly larger and more complex worlds (cause you can think of bar now as 8v8, but it's conceivable that this could turn into even larger and larger battles).

a similar shift in consciousness has occurred in the past. for example, if you're familar woth the poet homer, his illiad took something of simply drama found in romance and tragedy, and made it *epic*. this happened again in hollywood with "star wars" -- and I've been wanting, ever since the beginning of playing TA to battle out these robots in bigger and bigger worlds (another game I played similar in concept to this was "shattered galaxy"). these are galactic skirmishes that seemingly never end -- and, like the greeks and trojans, the four corners of the "shattered galaxy" map would endlessly push each other back and forward on the map. these games, aren't actually really serious, because (in sg, for example) you can never fully lose the entire game and there's another skirmish to be fought -- and so what it's all about is figuring out better and better ways to get a lot of autonomous players and their units to *work together* in more and more cohesive ways. that really is the unifying vision for me when it comes to these kinds of epic battlefield sort of things.

again, taking the example of homer -- the book, while you do get to zoom in to see the graphic gore and violence of the war, the poem is largely centred around the interactions of the different heros and commanders in the war -- and how their different approaches to certain situations spelled disaster at times and success in others; the idea that fate is sealed by the gods, and that we *do* (or don't, in the case of homer) have the capacity to influence the outcome of such an endless and unnecessary war, to rise up and gain glory for oneself and faction by the individual feats and acts performed by the heros, which is what get immortalised into history (though the battle rages on).

---

now, I'd like to talk about bugs. it's often times the case that in order to make a new feature, a number of bugs need to get fixed. therefore then, instead of trying to figure out how to get some of the more sedimentary bugs fixed, a good way to do it is to look at the bug, not as a problem, but as the indication of an improvement. this works in all cases (that I know of) other than logic and control flow (like, if your conditional isn't right). what I mean by that is -- let's say there's a bug... I'll use myself as an example: for in bar, I can't use my mouse because if I select some units, they get unselected cause the mouse appears to be clicking spastically on the map when I move the mouse.

well, because there probably is a bug in there somewhere -- I don't really care that much because the game's controls are so hard to use that what I wanted to do is to actually start to figure out how to make my own user widgets in order to play the game *without* directing units with mouse. in the process of figuring out how I would play by only clicking on interface items (and key bindings), I came up with a number of imporovements to the game which I think will make commanding a lot more units become more and more manageable, without having to direct any one of them individually. I think of it sort of like symbolic influence. I'll write again more about this in the future -- however, for me *that's* the way I want to play bar -- without having to click on units (allowing my mouse to be used for camera and interface, only).

all issues (governmental or in software design) I believe, can be turned into improvements. an improvement is far more desirable to program and implement, and if one of the costs is to clean up one of those long-standing stinkers in the sewer, then it's a win for everyone.

(OK, so here's the problem: I *love* talking about this stuff, if you haven't noticed :~) I feel like I've opened the floodgates a bit and I have a lot of ideas that are starting to stream out of me now. I still haven't even reread the original message. I don't know what I'm going to do -- cept keep writing. hopefully one day I'll actually send it all to you. anyway cheers man, much love!)

### 2023-04-09 13:44 - chaos magic and sigils

@[youtube](https://youtu.be/FuPuxzcH22c?t=596)

I watched this video last night, only to find out that I'm a chaos magician, and I didn't even know it. the diagram there encapsulates what my brain does, however for me it's not visual. let me explain the process because I believe sigils will be an effective form of communication between commanders and units organisations.

the basic idea is that you start out with a desire: "I want to meet a succubus in a dream", "smite adversary", "I wish to obtain the necronimicon" -- which are all long-form statements of desire. from there, you perform a sort of simplification process (to remove all the complexity of the written language). that creates lines and shapes which are then arranged into a symbolic form (sorta like a korean/chinese[^1] glyph) which then encapsulates that *desire* in the form of *action*.

it is ultimately those actions that will compose the .. let me explain in movie terms: you know how in the matrix neo went blind, and when he did, now all of a sudden the world had these glyphs which sort of summarised the action taking place in the world? the guy who programmed the woman in the red dress (mouse?) said that he got used to seeing the world in this symbolic form, and it wasn't necessary to be inside of the matrix to have a sense of what's happening.

I have a dream of being able to control bar without needing to see the screen, and the main reason for it is that I want to have a persistent universe that continues on even after you disconnect (just like in "shattered galaxy" or "EvE") -- and so since your units/buildings will continue on inside of the game, I want to have interfaces where people can get a sense of what is happening and be able to control to some extent what's happening without needing to see the actual battle. that's called (in social networking terms), "user engagement and retention" -- but you can porobably see (in a skirmish or match) how useful it would be to be for a commander to fight battles on multiple fronts while at the same time continuing to expand econ.

so, ultimately, it's just a process of distilling different desires into symbols, which then in the various simulators, will find better and more efficient ways for those desires to be carried out in different conditions.
these different symbols will also ultimately solidify a sort of identity for that faction, much like how chinese is different than korean glyphs, and the desire expressed through those glyphs will also naturally start to create a society and culture around it as well.

now, as for the implementation of chaos magic inside of a game, I don't think it's entirely possible for units, but I *do* want to have a whole magical division to game where heroes can also level up their magical capabilities. the thing is, that the idea of "leveling up" is more aligned to ceremonial magic, because it offers improvement on the repetition, meanwhile chaos magic is allowing the world to be in an undefined/chaotic state, and then based on your *belief* and allowance for things to be different than how they *are*, the world can transform into something new, often times taking an *unexpected* form of that desire encoded into the sigil. I'll have to think on that one a bit more -- because I think that style of chaos is actually better suited for puzzle-like games, where the puzzle can be in a multitude of equally puzzling states, and the chaos is just a shift into a different form of the same puzzle (and it's that change in perception which often helps us to see the answer, like "scramble" in word spin)

[1]: for some reason I don't feel the same about japanese glyphs. I'm not sure what it is about japanese glyphs, but they feel perhaps more conceptual(?) or something. I don't see it clearly now, so I'll have to think on this more...

### play/command on touchscreen
### "hold the line" mode
### star-wars concept
