# contemplations-with-myself

sometimes I want to philosophise and nobody is there, so I contemplate -- with myself.

### 2022-12-09 15:10 - the desire to be right

today I had a lot of thought on why I want to be right so much. the origin this thought comes from the time when I walked back home from nuvue. I understood the promethian prerspective "for the first time". when I did, I realised that we all have the promethian perspective -- which is the desire to be right, rathar than to feel good. in that moment, I realised that I didn't really want to feel good, so much as I wanted to be right. I adopted the idea that I want to be right more than I want to feel good, and went with that (probably some time around or after marcos).

in previous moments, I just sorta let happen whatever is going to happen (like tuenti or any of the other failures), but what I learned from marcos (who now I believe to be more of a 4th ray (sometimes) in his perception of me). he "got" me, and understood my naivate. however, on the other side of things, marcos really had to be *right* about things, and that really pissed me off about the whole world saying that andrea wasn't going toward me, when every single other sign says she is. I could see it clearly, but marcos (for whatever reason), did *not* want it to happen, and he also really had to be *right* about all of his untruths about what was happening.

I was mostly sad, because in his anguish to maintain his desire physically, he basically was telling me that I'm not perceptive and don't have eyes. it was stupid stuff that was clearly obvious, and this has carried forward into the future. since I moved to vera's house, I basically took up a promise to myself, which is to be *right* about all the stuff that I can clearly see untruths about. obviously that would be too much effort to do *all*, so I'm quite selective with what I want to be right about.

at the moment when I understood the promethian-perspective, I saw how I would rathar be right than to feel good (selectively), and I was very selective of what I wanted to be right about, because I do enjoy feeling good. I can't remember now, but I knew that somewhere this realisation -- wait, no I said that I would begin to "bounce between contrasts" -- because I could see that this was now going to become a big problem because I now *have* to be right about things that are secret in order to progress in life.

then, jason puts out the tesla memories video where I'm realising thmt my current situation is pretty similar to hotel-bound tesla. I'm just stuck here. I'll continue, but you know today I also noticed that another reason to be right about all of this, is actually to be *understood* by people. I get *zero* feedback to know if anyone even understands me (well, non-physical feedback anyway), so how can I even talk about things that explain this and everything else if one (or maybe 2-3) entire layers of perception (and physical frequency ranges), is simply being said to not exist.

I suppose this also has to do with the long-standing snake-bros frustration that our history is kept entirely a secret. I took a different route then them (conceptual-viewing) to figure out what "happened", but I also say with the same mouth that there are infinite pasts which lead to the present, and almost certainly we are not all on the same one. at any rate, this is the part in the relationship when you're sick of getting stone walled, and you say, either I'm right or I'm going another way. so many women know what I'm saying. the thing is, I went and figured it out, but that was because I couldn't understand the past until I understood the astral. it's impossible to explain "the earth was formless and void" until you've seen the living black, and to understand the earth took on the appearance of mars, as a conjugate of their imagination for what they desired from a saviour planet. once you can see the interplay between the layers of perception, all aspects of human history are all understandable.

I don't intend to try and force my version of history on anyone (like I said, we're all on different timelines anyway, and didn't get here the same way), but for those who want to understand the mainstream and occulted versions of human history, I offer my own for both critisisms and improvements. my vision isn't perfect and we all got here different ways anyway, so it's too difficult to say. it is a kind of "manaul for how the universe works" -- draft edition though. the only thing is I cannot convey this version of history (my story) without touching topics like the nature of and progression/expansion of perception, including the extra dimension that the "authorized phenomenon" are projected.

so, sorry about it man. you're doing it your way. you're king of the earth and I'm king of the galaxy, until my hubris brings you to need to bring me back down to inferior levels. I'll enjoy the superior view for the time I can though.

### 2022-12-13 16:19 - the good guys

this morning I woke up thinking about a lot of things. one of the thoughts that I was thinking about is similar to the previous entry where I explained that there is quite a bit of similarity to my situation now and tesla being bound to his hotel room (as a prisoner). that was jason's perspective on it. yesterday, I explained the [new symbolic repeat of the snake temping adam and eve with the "forbidden fruit"](/snakey-thoughts.md#2022-12-12-1135---snakes-and-the-forbidden-fruit) (carnal acts). this was the snake-bros/randall perspective of the same idea (looking from the opposite end). I offered a lot of solutions and said, essentially that it's not necessary to confine me and prevent me from creating the things that I want to create. in the entry, I basically outlined that my projects are more important to me than the girls. I'd rather create somethting than to be sexually involved with girls.

this morning there were a lot of reactions to what I said. I explained how girls cause me (at least experientially) to lose the "big picture" of what I want to create, and the things that are important/interesting to the girl I'm sexually active with distorts my bigger picture to include the things that are important to her -- which would be fine if she valued the same thing as me; and so, one of the reactions was to use girls as a way to remove that big picture; they don't want me to be creating anything. the other reaction was a long discussion (I'm sure) on why it's important that I don't have any earthly heirs -- meaning, no children, and that's a lot harder to control if I'm around girls.

therefore, the conclusion here is to keep me going in my present situation where I'm going to keep holding off on girls until my project is online. this is the same conclusion that I have, but for different reasons. I want to make something, not just do what everyone else is doing. we arrive to the same conclusion, but from different angles.

the next reaction was around the problem with my conclusion -- which is that if I spend the next decade or two  sitting around waiting for my opportunity to make my system, I too will end up old and stuck in a hotel (or some confined/assisted living facilty) because they don't actually want me having the capacity (money or whatever) to make my system.

I think the reason for this is because although my system would work on a pretty dfferent medium (4th ray, spectral), it still has quite a lot of similarity to the 6th ray astral lumiferous ether. I don't know enough to say specifics of what the differences are (that's part of the discovery process), and even if they could maintain control over the astral, it's too big of a problem to have something that can do such a thing, because it's easy to see that another product may want to use the same exact technology (tesla tech, essentially) to broadcast frequencies in the astral range -- and they definitely don't want that.

even if they decided that they would control all of the technology part of it and just lease out "black boxes" that can broadcast/receive on those frequencies, they still wouldn't want people to have synchronised emotions and frequencies. they need us separated and not organised (same reason for no internet). they simply cannot allow us to have a global communication network of any kind. the maximum we can get is facebook.

---

so, I had a look into why they have such a difficulty with us gaining a communication platform of any kind -- and the best I can tell, they believe they are the "good guys". the ones that are setting up this system feel like they're trying to get a superior position over some sort of opposition force -- or something. I had a look into this as well, and this feeling of their perspective doesn't even make any sense at all because I'm fairly certain that the antarctic inhabitants completely control the astral, and it seems that they've been *gifting* this technology to the US govt -- which means obviously that they have a superior system already setup on top (otherwise they wouldn't be gifting it).

my present working theory is that there is already a 2nd ray system (like the one I wanted to create) already installed, which means that I incarnated into this body not to create the 2nd or 4th ray system, but to "gift" the 4th ray system to them as well. who is "them" though? well, "them" would be the "good guys" working for the US govt, and they're trying to get their system all setup. not everyone working for the US govt is a "good guy" though -- and I think that a lot of the "bad guys" were imported directly from germany in project paperclip.

imagine for a moment that it is a 2nd ray system. 2nd ray is a mix of desire and structure. this is basically a "soul" -- and this is everybody's non-physical (above 4th ray midpoint) perspective. that means that their system can create souls (if you want to look at it). combine the ability to create non-physical souls to incarnate into astral bodies, and you can create the wenher van braun and all of the other ss agents needed to start WW1 and WW2, manipulate time and the symbolic narrative leading to this moment. the narrative is important.

this brings me to some recent things I've been considering about the narrative of don quixote. if you think about this 2nd ray system, it has one part el/la unlief/belief and one part desire, you can now see that the narrative elements that are involved here are *our* 2nd ray system. they create souls with machines that accomplish the symbolic goals set out (time adjusts in 4th and 6th as a result), but we do the same with our own beliefs and desire.

in don quixote, the book focuses around romance and the romantic knight that is righting the wrongs of the world. place me now symbolically in the spot of don quixote and replace "romance" with "saviour". the book is hard on romance saying that it's not necessary and that it even kind of makes one look a bit silly to others around. well, I say the same thing about saviours. don quixote is still quite romantic (tim explains this in the video citing one of the passages). well, again there is quite a similarity to me here as well; the entire point of @[snakey-thoughts](2022-12-12 11:35) was to explain "I have solutions" -- and that we can have it all. once the system is put into place, then girls are no longer that big of a problem -- or rathar that it'll have to become a galaxy-sized problem before it becomes a real threat -- and I'm fairly certain that we can extend my scheme to use contrast/drama as the power source for an even larger setup. I claim that my system *is* how source, our universe and all things non-physical operate, so it's not violating anything or causing problem, but actually solving them. in that sense, I am putting out ideas that would make me "saviour" -- so like don quixote, I'm actually quite the symbol of the thing that I hate (saviours).

personally, my position on saviours is that saviours are actually stopping growth, because they're making it no longer necessary to make the decision about how one wants to feel and perceive their reality by providing conditions, like contiually faster/more energy which hide all of resistance[^1] -- therefore, I don't think too highly of saviours. they don't actually fix the problem, but only allow it to go unnoticed for longer.

I would enjoy it much more if others would find a way to feel the way that they want to feel, but obviously I can't do that for others. only others can do that for theirselves, so I must step away from this one and allow everyone to create their own realities on their own. the "good guys" are out there trying to fight against an even more secret elite "military industrial complex" (which I believe, along with most of the nazi party are created entities/egregores). I have to just let them all create their own realities.

---

this leads to the next subject of my contemplation, which is -- if they're all working real hard to be their own saviours and I'm just "gifting" them some lower tech stuff so they can become their own saviours (and give others in the world an opprtunity to feel the way they want, even in controlled conditions), then it seems like I should just go the direction of the girls, right? why keep trying to make a system that is probably already made? it's probably just as good as theirs, and if they come up with any improvements, they're likely integrating those improvements to the technology back into their own system anyway (this is bacon's "new atlantis").

this is a bit of a conundrum for me, because I'm totally fine giving them *all* of the advantage (zero resistance) to create the system that they want to create. they view people like me and my ideas as a threat to their setup, so if I do continue to go with the "ne earthly heirs" setup, then I'm giving them no opposition to getting full control over everything -- as in, there won't be any children born with my perspective, inheritted genetically -- and instead, all people will come to arrive to a form of perception similar to my own (of the individual) all on their own. no saviours.

I was thinking about all the stuff I wrote above yesterday, and the reaction that I was getting last night was that they simply don't think it's possible for me to be around all of you guys and/or any girls and not get pulled in by them. I would [need a better reason to maintain abstinance](/sepehr-thoughts.md#2022-12-08-1954---abstinence-is-the-process-not-the-destination), then.

[1]: I like to think about cars that have their parking brakes on. if you have a weak car, it's quite noticeable. however, if you have a powerful motor, you could go for miles before you realise that you've got the parking brake on. it's like jon's description of microprocessors and softwar. the continually increasing power of microprocessors is completely hiding that software is gaining uncontrollably in complexity. our problems are growing but we can't see the problem because hardware is advancing so quickly.

### 2022-12-13 21:48 - whos desire is stronger?

as much as I try to mostly talk to myself here, I notice that it's still a bit of a group conversation. I don't mind that much, cause it still causes me to think about these ideas... the reaction is if I go with girls, when, and stuff like that...

I still keep my idea that I'd like to "get connected" before any girls, because then I'd be using the girls then as a condition to find my connection -- and I don't really want to do that. if I want to use conditions to get connected, I'll go outside and watch stars until my kundalini rises; it's not really that hard. the real question here is whos desire is stronger? is nosebook's desire to keep me held down stronger than other peoples' desire for me to get out from under nosebook (which, depending on how you look at it, is the precursor for cataclysm)?

### 2022-12-15 22:59 - desire to be right

I'm laying on the ground about to go to sleep and there's this thing that I really don't understand. I mentioned (somewhere -- perhaps to mom) that it's really important for me to "be right" about nosebook and my current situation. I don't have it all figured out, but the things that are obvious to me, I'm going to insist on being right about[^1] I continued to give an explanation for this saying that I'm tired of people constantly telling me I'm wrong when it's so plainly obvious to me what is happening.

today when listening to LEFTL (2022-02-27), eon is talking about a documentary called mirage something (can't remember), and he was explaining how important it is to be able to say, not just "your wrong" or whatever but to actually give evidence for it and to be able give a list and say -- here are all of the reasons why the things you're saying clearly don't add up. "*this* is what is really happening" and to have actual evidence for it. seriah is trying to tell eon that the government just lies because that's what they do -- and eon is trying to explain to seriah that it's not just that they are lying, but *why* they're lying -- as in, get to the bottom of the structure the whole charade is built up around -- because, if you can get to the core thing, then it's possible to strip away all of the superfulous untruths and distractions designed to hide that core thing and see it for what it is[^2]...

to understand eon's angle here, let's put what he's talking about in the context of my situation. the core issue (regarding the government and their secrets) that I've come across is twofold. it actually ties into what I want to talk about later, so let's start there. the first core concept I've come to discover is, that these entities persist and have long-term objectives that seemingly last longer than a single lifetime (like an empire, government, philosophy, etc) do not care so much about the legacy they leave behind. combine this with the tales of "fallen angels" and other astral entites that seemingly move their consciousess around in astral space (astral projection), and/or use is it haunt and then take over/inhabit (move their consciousness into) a new body.

the way that I figure this process of inhabiting a new body works is by using astral (I dunno the word for it -- but it's a strong "sense" or feeling where some artificial reality is presented, like a film, where for a moment, you suspend your sense of "reality" and believe this new reality -- a sort of suspension of belief), and in that moment, what is happening is the new body, being mostly unaware of what is happening, is the new body is being "tuned" to the new astral personality that will "walk in" to the body -- very much in the same way that I am able to move my consciousness around and look at or feel anything I want in time or space. as far as I can tell, the effect is the same, but I've usually only been receptive of this energy, not often projecting it out often consciously. the times that I have, I've done it usually in a sexual connotation -- and there's a sepehr video on a guy that can wave his hands around (though the movements are nothing more than something like a martial arts postures(asanas?) -- the power isn't in the posture but in the energy that flows). I can direct this energy pretty easily myself, and it's largely been the objective of nosebook to disallow me from using this energy because I would be able to levitate myself and others, throwing them around the room like those anime characters do. it's a very powerful energy, which includes everything from putting images, sounds, senses, and other forms of artificial reality into a preson body (like mushrooms), to also being able to direct this energy inward.

I know that seriah is familiar with what I'm talking about because on on of the snake-bros episodes where he was a guest, he described an early and sudden awakening of his kundalini energy to russ, and described (in less words) what I'm talking about. call it qi, chi, prana, or vrill -- doesn't matter. this is the conceptual aspect of the astral energy; the physical aspect is the pictures, sense, feeling, levity, and other physical sensations.

it appears that for a very very long time various entities have been using this energy to move thier consciousness from body to body, never actually "dying" -- and *that* is why everything is such a big secret. I know that my father knows quite well of this energy as well.

to some degree, I think it's difficult to explain this energy to other people, so instead of explaining, I've always attempted to *demonstrate* the energy in the limited capacity that I can. the other aspect of this, is that I don't think that these "fallen-angels" actually *know* or can even explain that energy very well. modern science is a reflection of this. they can *describe* the energy and it's effects (kundalini effect, I guess) -- and it has so many names, but I think it's only been in the last few decades that the US govt has begun to get a grasp on this energy from a data perspective, and they have machines (tesla stuff) that can input/output/amplify/transform the energy. very powerful stuff. this is nosebook. they use those machines to present pictures and all sorts of sensory data to the human nervous system and brain over this astral medium.

all humans have this capability, and they do not want me, you, or anyoone else to be able to do darth vader's force moves and choke out someone that angered me (cause I definitely would have done it). esoterically, the control of that energy is called "temperance" -- of which, I have very little of (I prefer tuning, and let the result be what is attracted in raw unadulterated form). this astral medium/energy the main part of the secret, I gather -- and it's this same energy that increases the rate in which you attract things. they want to control, and an attractive person like me without temperance is uncontrollable. I noticed it with seriah and all of his music subconscious/well-timed music selections (coincidences and synchros) are often pertient to me in the form of perception. with my father thoughh, he would attract from me the thing that he either wanted or didn't want in a much stronger way. I seemingly behaved as a sort of puppet to his desire/fear, makning his concept of me/reality become more and more real. with chris, we seemingly had a bit of a combined mind/thought.

OK, that's the first part to it. the second part to it, is that these fallen-angels have a pretty unsuccessful track record. many fails (inability to get/maintain the desired conditons), and for the ones that's trying to manipulate people, it would seem pretty upsetting for everyone to know that the long track record of manipulation and coersion happening behind the scenes (literally). since they're all stuck here forever, they have a hierarchy amongst theirselves and they divide the good conditions amongst theirselves, and let us have the inferior ones (that's why "middle class" is as high as anyone can go, before starting to bump into "old money" which is where most of these "fallen-angels" are sitting on top of).

as one of the "good" "fallen-angels", like I imagine perhaps seriah and randall probably are (and potentially many others as well) -- ih seems to me that they see more than the normal person and have a much longer history to work with, and so they set out to try and figure out what those things are from a more scientific/data perspective. I think this has given rise to a lot of "enlightened" inventors, scientists, and mystics. because they see more than just the physical and can interact with that chi/qi energy, they know there's a lot more to than just the physical. however, I think the reason why they keep it a secret is because of embarrassment. it'd be kinda embarrassing to admit that they've spent lifetimes trying to figure something out, but cannot actually say what it is (again, like science). I think they're trying to figure it out, so they collaborate with others that are in on their secret. their inability to actually understand/explain the mechanism, and get any actual success with this tremendous power that they have to bring "good" and "peace" to humankind, is likely embarassing. this, I feel would be about the same as asking a scientist to explain gravity or magnetism.

they know this astral medium exists where thoughts, pictures, senses can be transferred from body to body and and they reference it all the time. because I feel their astral projections, I don't "see" what they're presenting to each other, but it's pretty obvious that they interact with each other in a visual/tangible way of some sort (which I feel). jason, for example, said in response to asking if someone is "phenominally authorizing" something, said that he would need to "meet them in person" to know -- as in -- see what sort of visual/astral presence that they have, in order to be able to tell how "phenomenal" they are. other such tells are when someone says that they have "synesthesia" (like an interview with robert grant and billy), along with some others that I'm not remembering now. I'm getting to the point where I can "see" what they're talking about -- but, because no image forms in my iris, the symbols and emotions get interpretted by me through my conceptual framework, instead of the sensoral (phenominally authorized) sensory data they're presenting.

personally, I don't need to meet these guys in person to know their astral presence. I can feel it at a distance of either time or space (for me, it's tuning, not control, remi). I quite enjoy poking fun at them a bit, because they rely on the visual aspect to know something so just like everything you see on TV is real, they're pretty easily duped. however, for me it's only a feeling, so I can do whatever I want with it. even if it's frsudulent, it's still real for me, in the way I perceive it. therefore, it's no difficulty to feel the dali lama just as easily as I can feel jason, dad, enki, or seriah; so I *know* that same data from a diffrent (non-visual/conceptual) perspective. I prefer it to be non-visual, and I may even go out on a limb and say that though my feeling knowledge is a lot less "impactful" -- my opinion is that the data that I receive is considerably more relevant, and not subject to so much illusion. like watching a television commercial, it's all about presentation.

if you've ever preformed, presented or publically spoke, you know that the presentation evolves over time and gets tuned to the audience; their astral presentations feel to me like that. they've optimised their presentation of the data/symbols much like a sales team optimises their product presentation. you can imagine that, similarly to sales and marketing (and now science), a whole lot more effort is put into the presentation than the product itself. wow, perfect segue.

---

I'm a product guy, so when I'm contemplating this reaction that nosebook absolutely *cannot* allow me to be right, it's basically like the opponent sales team saying, "we cannot allow the other guys give the appearance that they are a superior product to ours" -- when in fact their product is actually inferior. I'm of the position that nosebook has been selling an inferior product to all of humankind, and it's the sales team that knows that my product (the thing I'm right about) is actually superior to their product (the thing that they say is "right").

consider the case of edison trying to prove to everyone that DC is superior to AC by shocking animals with AC to "prove" that AC is more harmful. edison knew he had an inferior product, so he resorted to gestapo-style marketing of "the right thing(tm)".

what has happened, is that the last few weeks I've been pushed to my limits on contiually being "wrong" about my inferior product -- and so now I have to "prove" that I'm right about my product. I'm not electrifying animals to prove my point, but you could imagine that my (purposefully crude) style of "proving myself rigtht" is less than elegant. I don't really mind, because I know that eventually the message will get across. another perfect segue.

---

abraham said "do you want to be right or do you want to to feel good". I took this as a challenge, because (I think purposefully), they used the word "feel" -- which, in english (and spanish, at least), the word feel/sentir can mean both physical or emotional sensation -- however, the thing is that "feel" is always a physical sensation. your emotion (the way you really feel) is not necessarily the physical sensation. it took me a while to realise what they were saying: "do you want to be right, or so you want to *physically* feel good". well, thank goodness that nosebook doesn't want me to ever physically feel good, leaving me with the only option of being right.

so, in order to be right, I don't need to sacrifice something I don't have. the way that I *really feel* (I need a word for this) is not based on an image, a sales pitch, a nice sounding presentation, or the way that my body feels (like from drugs, music, or sex), so I can literally feel physically any way that I want, and that doesn't change how I *really feel*[^3].

the way that I *really feel* is based on *perception* (how I connect the concepts in my reality) and isn't really anything imaginal or physical. so, for example, I know that everything is working out just fine and that I can't actually *make* anyone to see things the way I do -- however, for me it's fun to act like I can. I mostly get most of my inspiration for the attributes of my "act" (antics), from examples that I see in real-life -- so, like a child or newborn, I simply take the feeling that is presented out in the world and I "become" that feeling. for newborns, that often results in crying or a radiant smile. my body does not react so primitively to the difference between the way my "inner being" sees the same thing like a child does, because I'm conscious that the feeling that I'm putting on, isn't how I *really* see things; and so therefore after a moment of letting my body wind down a bit, I'm batk to seeing things how I normally do[^4]. every feeling is like a drug, but instead of taking a pill or smoking, I just need to "feel it" (physically) for a bit. I direct that chi/prana/qi energy toward my own body, just like the "fallen-angels" do to the person they're presenting to.

---

long intro. so here's this funny thing about all of these secrets, and what inspired me to write this: in the previous entry I made the illusion of the saviour being something akin to driving with the parking brake on, where instead of suggesting to take off the parking brake (ie solving the problem), the saviour says, "here's a more powerful motor that way you won't notice the sluggishness. now, you can drive as fast as you want with the parking brake on" well, that's also a pretty close example to temperance, as well.

imagine for a moment that I have this really cool thing, but I have to go around pretending I don't have it. let's say that thing is a really powerful motor. when I'm around others, in order to not look like I'm showing off that I have such a powerful motor, I drive with the parking brake on. now, my car drives sluggish and slow like theirs does... this false humility is quite humourous to me, honestly. have fun being right about why it's a superior product to drive with the parking brake on. I'll do whatever I want to do while you guys all exercise humility and temperance. righeousness posers...

[1]: I realise that this has the effect of letting them know that some of their antics are quite plainly noted, so they can further invest more time into hiding those "obvious" things. I'm doing it on purpose. I want them to get better at hiding it so they can deceive people even better. I also realise that for them, I'm kind of like a neutral dojo for them to improve their gimmick a bit, because I don't really mind so much all of their stuff, because I can see things from a pretty non-resistant perspective. I know they're not scared of me knowing, because they know I already know. they just don't want what I know and can see to become common knowledge, because others will perceive their fraud with quite a bit more resistance.

[2]: maybe, if eon wants to do "eon rambles" podcast I'd love to do a followup "kenny interprets" or maybe "kenny's angle" -- who knows -- cause eon brings up a lot of really good points, but they're very poorly presented -- so I'd want some time to think about what he says and to contemplate the idea a bit -- like, what I'm doing now...

[3]: physical sensation can affect the way you "really feel*, which is why the astral and things like drugs and sex appear to be powerful, but they're conditional, so unless you maintain the conditons, they're not lasting. it's been the objective of many to try and maintain the conditions, but that inevitably fails. only *you* (not your body/words/mouth/hands -- but the eternal "you") can affect how you *really feel* -- and that comes from perception. an actor can act a part, but afterward they will return back to how they *really feel*. if the movie script were to actually change how the actor *really feels*, I feel like actors would be much more selective of what parts they play.

[4]: yes, when I act, my vision changes and I literally see the whole world differently. it probably looks the same physically, but for me, everything takes on the appearance of the emotion of the physical perspective. if I'm angry, I see everyone as angry with me. if I'm frustrated, everyone is frustrating, etc. -- and also, yes, to some extent, I'm "practising" that emotion when I act -- just like an astral projection will "practise" the body to feel the new inhabiting entity. it's all the same.

### 2022-12-17 09:42 - I'm not what people expected, I feel

today when listening to LEFTL (09-18-2022), and watching youtube videos afterward (slowmo guys, mehedi, veritasium), I tuned into the mainstream vibe for a bit, which is not where I'm usually tuned into -- and, it's weird. man, I don't want anything to do with the way that this world is going.

for example, in the FFT video (@[youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nmgFG7PUHfo)), derek goes into this large thing about how FFT was discovered as a way to efficiently calculate the frequency components of seismographs to detect nuclear testing... I had already a pretty rough knowledge of FFTs prior to watching the video, having programmed one in the past, so it was a bit of a review -- but what blew my mind is the graph that he showed where they were having these negotations to "stop" nuclear tests above ground, presumably because radiation was being spread in the air, yet underground tests were considered OK... the graph shows the year of the meeting (no tests), then suddenly after the meeting, the number of tests jumps to 4-6x what it was previously. derek pokes a bit of fun at the names of their meetings, with names like "meeting to stop testing of nuclear somethings" -- and it sounds like a library index card or something -- as if they really wanted to spell it out super plainly what exactly the meeting is about in very plain language so that even a robot can understand it, yet on other things, they never use such plain and direct language. it seems plainly obvious to me that the plain and direct language is on purpose...

derek even points out that the agreement that they came to specifically bans all kinds of tests, in open spaces with a liquid or gas medium (ocean, space, air), but not underground, supposedly because they couldn't verify the difference between an earthquake and a nuclear test. I hate this sort of doublespeak used so much in meetings.

the other video (@[youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXoZQsZP2PY)) was a guy working for NIST that reminded me a bit of randall with the cadance of his voice and passion for such a data-oriented subject, combined with the same sort of enthusiasm of archer (from snake-bros). he was really cool, and I liked him a lot, but when he's talking he keeps referring to the precision of his measurements, and it was derek that added in all of the extra stuff about how the metre is now linked to planck's constant and stuff. I can tell that he knows that nothing is absolute, and so everything is always in relativity to the reference. he kept calling it variance or variable or something (can't remember now). super knowledgeable, and he seemed to have found novel ways to make meausurements seem to be as absolute as possible. derek starts out the video with the guy revealing that the USA *is* on the metric, but we convert to "freedom units" (lol). he chooses his words very very carefully to make it sound like the the variability is in the measurement, instead of the conditions.

it's easy to see that this is "proof" that we have pretty accurate measurements, but it seemed to me like that lab was more about having stable conditions (underground and stuff) to be able to isolate and test the conditions which will throw off our "standard" and "constant" (fixed go plank's constant and speed of light) measurements. personally, I liked archer's explanation more for why we need extremely high precision measurement systems, and I agree with him that one day we'll be making silly things like for example candy wrappers or something with enormous precision, not beacase candy needs precision, but because manufacturing technology just prints things at already that precision. all aspects of life become more constant and predictable, and so therefore much easier to calculate and anticipate. again, I see this video *much* differently than it's presented.

the electroboom and slowmo guys video was incredibly fascinating (@[youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r04e45E-wSc)). I hadn't thought much about it. I had alwasys assumed that both sides go to meet each other (because I see electric arcs as analogous to LOA), but upon watching that video, it was quite clear to me that one side definetely has more potential, and so therefore reaches out further in the realm of possiblities (the "fuzz") -- and if it's far enough, it can make the connection. that was super cool.

---

at any rate, while watching those videos and listening to LEFTL and watching those videos, just by watching them and listening to their voices, I kind of tune to the thoughts[^1] of them and I get a "sense"...

the "sense" that I had was something of a feeling of disappointment; as in, I'm not at all behaving like they they expectod me to behave. something to the effect of maybe something I experienced at a younger age of renting a video and the cover of the VHS has a look to it which is pretty appealing. I say, "looks pretty good" (I'm talking pre-internet here) and then when I get home and start watching the video, it's not at all what was expected from the cover/sleeve. I think that people expected a lot more "good feeling" from me, instead of constantly a challenge to their concept of reality.

I carry on and on endlessly about how one conceptualises reality is how they attract their reality, and so I've taken great care to try and figure out "what are the things I *actually* want to be right about", and then let those serve as the foundation (cornerstones) upon which I build my reality. I believe it's very important to have a pretty high precision and accurate model of reality. the brain, like all of our measurements, is the same -- models from top to bottom (@[youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QrkiJZKJfpY)). what you see with your eyes is a *model* that your brain has for reality given the signal inputs. this is, largely your "perception", but instead of measurement points, the thing that separates one concept from another is *your definition and measurement* of that concept. the sensor is only as accurate as the model used to build it and and its operator.

---

so here's the deal: let me fight my windmill dragons. I know that I'm going on and on about this "fallen-angels" stuff, partially because I think there's something to learn and discover there, but as I mentioned in my original rendering of the "fallen-angels" concept, it's the model that I want to use for the next race of human species that I will create and then subsequently transfer my consciousness into. my understanding on the fallen-angels concept has expanded tremendously since its first rendering (so I should probably write another angle to it), especially since I've learned about triads. first there's me (the ground), then there's the "good guy" (the female) and then there's my demiurge (the emitter), which are used to create the necessary conditions to produce a race of beings that does not contain the unwanted demiurge parts (think alalu, enlil, zeus, thoth), but does through the process of interaction, take those "unwanted" parts and synthesises something new and improved out if it the demiurge and the female. yeah...

hmmm, yeah I should probably write it. I'll have to also render all of my latest insights into the triads -- but the thing is, I keep getting this memristor-like hidden fourth aspect pop up over and over in my life, so I have a feeling it'll probably be a 4 insead of three. in that vein, there was also a weird comment yesterday on a bardcode video on 5 and 6 where the commenter said that 6 is *chiral* (meaning having necessary to turn the same direction), and 5 is not chiral. I always think of penrose tiles (and my change to their shape I put on geogebra) as my inspiration for 5. 5 feels infinite to me, whereas 6 feels perfect and measured -- though I never thouht about it in terms of rotation or chirality. anyway...

so yeah, I still have a ways to go. let me fight my windmill dragons. I have my own process for discovery and it works well... I'm getting there. I can definitely feeling my approach toward a new revolutionary discovery in perception. for me, I have to become the concept, so that I can receive it, so I have to *become* the the thing I want to learn (evolution-of-desire, progression-of-perception). it is a bit unfortunate that I learn through conflict and friction. you guys are my dojo. sorry for being the way I am. that's why I think out loud so much. it helps you all to see see that I'm still going toward more and more expansion of my capacity to perceive, even though it's through conflict. I learn a lot from you all.

probably what it is, is that peole wanted entertainment, not to have to actually think. thinking is hard, I know -- which is why I feel and then know instead. wayyyyyy easier. the process, though extremely effective does have a bit of trial and error (ie conflict) to it, though.

[1]: the general conceptual "field" they emit -- which is quite a lot. obviously I'm only capable of understanding the things that I'm vibrationally similar to, which is why I mostly get concepts in relation to the subject of the video and similar to my own vibration (ie. concepts familiar or understandable to me)

### 2023-01-23 18:36 - what do I/we *do*...

for a few days, I didn't play coi. then, I think the last two days I played (so it's not like I'm really going hard on it), and one of the reactions that I was getting was how serious I take the game. I mean, I take all optimisation problems seriously, but I think that's not the real issue here.

when I was younger, one of the things that I really struggled with understanding is the case of solomon. it says he had 1000 wives and concubines. most of the other guys in the bible had 2-3 wives, but not hundreds. I pondered the logistics of it for quite a while, and found that he probably didn't really have a personal relationship with any of them, so he was likely a collector, because 1000 would take over 3 years to get through all of them before returning back to the first (assuming round-robin priority system). prioritising one over another, I noted with my interaction with the women of the 90's could have dire consequences. I just didn't think it could possibly be anything that would work out well. he must have had a super power that managed to keep them all from causing trouble.

I also had sisters and they had friends, so I knew that when there are a lot of girls in one place and they have nothing to do, there's a general feeling of "I want to do something but I/we don't know what I/we want to do". it seemed to me that it would be very very difficult to keep 10+ girls occupied, 1000 would be basically impossible, so I ended up highly doubting the reported number in the bible there.

I mainly figured it had to be figurative/symbolic, or some kind of patriarchical measuring contest. nowadays, my opinion has shifted. I find it quite possible that there were a lot of women (not sure if 1000 is accurate, but let's say it was), and in reality they're being used to distract solomon while his viziers run things.

---

so, here I am playing coi and the reactions are wondering if I'll be like the typical man who is so invested in his work that he ignores the women around him, leading to the bored women/girls situation... I mean, I don't really know...

I will say this: ever since I was young, my dad would always tell me I didn't want to work construction all my life. he then took some MCSE classes to try and get away from construction, and so I thought -- OH OK, I'll do the same thing that I wanted to do physically, but instead with the software industry. I figured I could climb up the ranks really quickly and become a captain of software development. I had some ideas on some games I wanted to make, and when myspace came out, I felt like my "calling" was to instead focus on social platforms, because I felt like getting like-minded people together was something that I wanted to do.

up until then, I wasn't very successful with girls. they seemed to like me and stuff, but the minute I would open my mouth and start talking about things, I'd lose them. I never did figure out "what women want", because I couldn't figure out anything at all that was interesting to them. in fact, the *only* girl I can think of which I can positively identify something that's interesting to her is nikki and her obsession with megalithic architecture -- and, she actually thinks critically about it, too. I figured that a social platform was a way for me to meet girls that liked things that I do. I had a personal and a technical interest in making a social network.

when I got to spain, I worked really hard to make it happen, and this was apparently looked down upon. zaryn and friends were out drinking, partying, and having sex with anyone and everyone meanwhile I stayed back at the office doing what I found important to me. when they left and went off to do their thing, those were some of my most productive times.

I gget the feeling that zaryn and felix felt bad for me or something and wanted me to join them in their debauchery, so they had me go with the prostitute. the prostitute asked me if I really wanted to do it cause I think she could tell that my frineds were making me go, and I agreed thinking OK, well maybe this is just another step in getting to the top or something. nothing felt to me like I shouldn't go, so I agreed. I don't really regret it at all because it allowed me to see a whole different side of things I would have never been exposed to.

anyway, I didn't find it all that impressive at all, and it was definitely not something super amazing like they were making it sound. I didn't return back to it for quite some time, and in the interim, I was thinking, "OK, well it was probably just cause she was a prostitute and if I find a real girl, *then* it'll be awesome" -- so the desire in me to find a girlfriend grew, but I was heavily conflicted because I really wanted to make it easier to find people that are *ideologically* similar to me (essembly idea), because I'm noticing that I simply have nothing that I can relate with any girl on in spain. they're all used to a bunch of guys making a big show for them, and all I have is incomprehensible conversation.

in fact, the whole subject of conversation was such a difficult one, because I didn't have the show to rely on like felix and friends, or the mega douchebag attitude like zaryn to carry me to the end goal of sex at the end of the night in the disco. I wanted to actually be around someone that I find interesting. I did find patricia, and I really liked talking with her, which was nice, but there was always this looming problem of mixing work and sex. in short, patricia was the only girl I talked with where she could talk about technical subjects and I could feel intimidated by her (I liked this), and she even seemed to have some ambition to her as well. in all cases, it was pretty common during a conversation, and mom said that I have a condescending tone about me, for a girl to feel intimidated or inferior to me.

instead of trying to teach girls technical ideas, and trying to get them interested in what interests me, it's obviously a lot easier to just find one that's already interested in the things that I'm interested in (again essembly idea).

I'd also kinda figured since pretty young that I'd have a lot of money, so I figured I'd have to find a suitable wife *before* I make any amount of money, because otherwise she'll just want to sit around, do nothing and complain that I'm working all the time because she's not interested in anything I'm interested in. unfortunately, I met patricia after I was already a millionaire, so she assumed me to already be her concept of a man with money. that didn't work out, obviously. money is a real problem for relationships, I think.

when I met raquel, it was really nice because she didn't mind so much that I had a lot of money and was willing to spend it with me, *but* we basically had nothing in common. she had no clue (and had no desire to learn either) of what I thought to be important. I figured that she could eventually learn it and stuff, but no -- she insisted on staying a bored girl (my nemesis).

---

if I were stuck in a situation like soloman with 1000 women around me, I would immediately put them all to work. there's *no way* I'm hanging around 1000 bored girls. no thank you.

---

the next thing is that I play coi right now because I like the challenge of it. I don't really know of anything better that I can possibly be doing with my time than that. coi for me is just a game, and I haven't really seen any girls playing it, so I don't really know how to adjust that concept. when JD mentioned his "chastity beavers" (timberborn), it felt to me like there was antoher aspect to management style games, which is a bit more personal. each of the beavers have a name, walk around and do actual tasks -- which is very different from coi where people are kindof a vague concept and everything is machines. I wanted to try out timberborn, but the keys are annoying[^1] so I never got around to it.

however, the concept of using a game as a way of preparing the girls to work on bigger and bigger ideas is itself an interesting idea. even the idea of trying to create a management game that the girls would like is a challenge in itself. timberborn has a lot of gears and mechanical stuff (gravity batteries) and things like that, which is sorta cool, but I don't find it to be very interesting because it's sorta like playing coi with only trucks (each beaver being a truck), which is the most uninteresting aspect of coi, and the automation and layout of the factory to produce a system that works well together is a bit more interesting (belts and pipes).

for example, the belts system can be thought of like any major production or digital system with inputs and outputs (or, a microprocessor), and so while coi is still pretty one-dimensional in what I *do* with all of the resources that I'm moving around, it's pretty easy to make a jump from a coi factory to an arduino or something like that where something spectral gets converted into units and then back into a spectrum (all interfaces to the physical world are like this). for me, all of these things are connected.

---

in summary, if I'm going to be stuck with a whole bunch of girls, they absolutely have to be doing things[:2]. I can't really force anyone to do anything though, so all I can do is go the way that I want to go, and others have the option to:

1. do nothing.
2. go their own way.
3. fight against me or try to get me to do something else
4. join me.

those are the only four options available. I only want to interact with the 4th ones there. girls that want to get me to do something else are nothing more than extensions of nosebook in my opinion and they'll be perceived about like how I perceive mom. she's fine, and I talk to her, but she feels intimidated and inferior to me just like all the others. eventually, one day, I'll find that fourth category. the world isn't composed of girls that are *only* the first three.

---

as I've been thinking about soloman here -- more and more, I'm kinda starting to wonder if soloman was a very ambitious guy and they fought against, trying to keep his ambition from taking over too much. we live in a world of possession and ownership and the current owners want to keep their positions of power, authority, and ownership -- so solomon, like me, is probably a bit threateneing to the current establishment. they probably just kept him busy with girls and invented a really big story and about how great he is with women (1000 does seem like a lot) and turned him into a legend to hide his ambition -- sorta like how nosebook is doing with me. I would even go so far to say that soloman, like me, after such an experience may have also had his heart in another place, making him: solo-man.

[1]: I could remap the keys on my keyboard to play it -- but I figured I'd probably wait until the new keyboard comes before beginning such a difficult task with the keyboard I have now, only to stop using the keyboard in a month or so (gonna look later to see how long, but my spider senses say that it may have been delayed on purpose)

[2]: sorry raquel, my experience with girls sitting around was traumatic enough to know that I never want to do that again.

### 2023-01-25 18:55 - the beast

yesterday (2023-01-24), I had intended to write an entry in response to the previous one. there were a lot of reactions to it, and in the end, I decided that I wanted to just keep going with the idea of being single. I decided I wanted to keep it going for as long as possible. I personally think it's a great idea to let them get as far of a start ahead as possible. I've been contemplating the tortoise and hare story, and I'm clearly the tortoise[^1] here, and I don't mind letting them get as much of a head-start as they can get. my reason is two-fold; the second I'll mention later, but the reason for me was the same reason why I didn't want to take on the 4th ray form of perception and see myself as outside of time. I *want* to be in 3d, because I want the experience. if I were to go outside of time, I'm forfeiting the expansion that this 3d physical experience gives.

that experience of realising that I *want* to be in 3d is one of the reasons/inspirations for the captain-of-3d concept. in short, when I fully accept the idea that I'm eternal, I recognise that I'll get bored pretty quickly and stagnate pretty quickly as a person if I always just have good conditions and such. the 3d experience is only as bad/good as it's perceived to be, meaning that everything experienced is a reflection of my concept of it, meaning it's all attraction, meaning it's everything that I desire. from my perspective now, 3d is pure desire -- and even a bout of depression like I experienced a bit yesterday of, is also desire[^2].

---

as yesterday continued on, I had this song "eve's song" stuck in my head. it's a UK band that seriah played in my last time playing coi, and I found it completely captivating. there are some aspects to the song which I find interesting (doing this from memory -- later I'll do a followup analysis because "the beast" has come up a number of times in the last days).

@[youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PnrvL152D3o)

    bring me women, bring me wine,
    it's sight is sweeter than the vine

    you're twisted around the bark,
    our futures intertwine

    can I choose because I'm free?
    are you the beast inside of me?

    is this the truth that nothing ever comes for free?
    eve, she wants to know things
    eve, she wants to try to taste your offering

    women with a broken rip(?)
    I lay you down in empty crypts
    an adam's apple is the only gift to give, O

    when you swallow, will you choke?
    there is no promise that forespoke(?)

    O, O, O, O

    eve, she wants to know things
    eve, she wants to know things
    eve, she wants to try to taste your offering

    bite, think, fight, sing, sex-see,
    simp-ly, live(?), loose(?),
    live(?), choose(?), sin(?)
    eve, she wants to know things

    won't you stay, a while to rest?
    get in close; lay with me
    won't you lay, your mind to rest?
    a while to cure(close/curse?) inner truths

    ignorance is bliss
    ignorance is bliss
    ignorance is bliss

    ignorance is bliss
    ignorance is bliss
    ignorance is bliss


    (fight, live, love, live, give, choose)
    (eve, she wants to know things)
    if she (?)
    please don't give me rotten fruits to drink
    (fight, lick, love, live, give, choose)
    (eve, she wants to know things)
    lay me down
    you're not supposed to think

    throw your face against the floor
    hidden sun forevermore
    but get those lighted(?),
    those dreams, you think you saw

    do you love me like a sun
    spurned and burning, am I shunned?
    I've sent them churning(turning?),
    but my backlash has just begun

    eve, she wants to know things,
    eve, she wants to know things,
    eve, she wonders why we're bedding(?) down
    you're not supposed to think

    [...]

    ignorance is bliss
    ignorance is bliss
    ignorance is bliss

the part, "are you the beast inside of me" stuck in my head. it's an interesting concept, because ... this might take a bit of unraveling to explain. helen is considered to be symbolically simlar to eve (see end of fisher kings video below), and aphrodite and helen have, in the aeneid puts her in with the garden of eden; same with the illiad. the aeneid takes a more conceptual approach to things, but I'm convinced (like velikovski) that the illiad is talking about astronomical events. I believe menelaus and agamemnon are the two masculine counterparts of the planet we know as venus. I didn't read the book yet so I don't fully know, but it seems like agamemnon, mennelaus and athena form kind of a triad of that personality. I also noticed another triad of personality split into hector, paris, and mars. it seems like there's another with zeus and hera and an unidentified third, as well -- but I haven't figured that one out yet.

at an rate, aphrodite is earth, mars is mars (with the personification of the moons as terror...), and paris seems to be mercury. the point is that earth, has a star inside of her. this, I believe is the 1st ray anatau, and then the 7th ray female surface is genxicat/aphrodite. you'll notice that song makes definite reference to a "beast inside of *me*" well, who's singing? it's eve's song -- so, aphrodite/helen/diana[^4]. that makes the beast inside of her anatau, the 1st ray -- which is weird because the song even says, "hidden sun forevermore".

[on another ocassion](/nance-notes.md#2023-01-14-2359---a-funny-vision) I had a strange occurance where, I perceived myself from the perspective/concept of those observing me, and I'm just this completely unstoppable force -- this beast rising up and out, and they're trying to do their best to contain it. I don't mind them trying to contain me, becasuse it's uncontainable. like I mentioned in the first part, I'm fully willing to give them as much of a head-start that they need to try and keep me contained. I don't need to rush it at all.

I might also mention that previous to this experience, my perspective of the beast was that it's a communication platform built on top of the whore of bablylon. [I wrote about this](/correspondance.md#2021-12-09-1347---to-be-or-not-to-be), to [john anthony](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCxWpJNxTcvuxd6JcPTD6fuw) on youtube. I'm responding there to one of his videos on the "twice eleven brethren" (I should probably go have a look at his latest videos). I identify myself with the whore of babylon in my present predicament, and so if rev 17 is what it says it is, then some sort of communications network should be able to be built on top of me. this formed some of the inspiration for the party-LAN idea.

well, this eve-ning when I woke up I woke up suddenly because I became conscious in the dream, trying to explain to whomever I was talking to, what the beast is. besides eve's song (mentioned above), I was also fascinated by a bit in a strange document about a prophesie for the fisher kings (@[youtube](https://youtu.be/0_9TyxAmwDQ?list=PLIe_MWXIGGHRsJo2tsg2nIGD31OudT1q1)) there is a maxim:

    If I should labor (right Honourably honourable and you glorious Branches of these goodly Cedars which I would preferue/preserve to Eternitie) to giue a generall contentment to all whith shall vouchsafe to looke vpon this little Treatise: my work would be infinite, and the ende like a shadow ever farthest off when I did couet to be most neere it; for it is a maxime: *That he which did well, offended some, yet an Apostle ; Hee that did worst, pleased many, and yet was but a Beast ; and He that did best of all could not please all, and was God*; So various are the mindes of men and so curious, the dyet of those which feede on varietie:

I pondered that maxim there before going to sleep because it's strange to me. there are three characters: an Apostle, a Beast, and God.

the apostle is probably referring to paul, because in Richard III play, there are references to Prince which is also in this treastise as well. it's almost certainly a machiavelian reference, for which the Richard III character is painted in contrast to Richard II. it's also references Heb 10 and Rom 11, so I'm guessing Apostle is paul, which shakespere has Richard III appearing pius by saying "O, by saint paul" (@[youtube](https://youtu.be/GWMPdjwQ7wM?t=137)).

Richard III is a contrast to Richard II, which also has a lot of christ symbolism associated with him. there's also this idea of a politic (eternal) body (the political system that remains even after the physical body has deteriorated), and the physical body. my first impression on the play was that sheakspere was saying (from Richard II's perspective), "OK, fine you don't want a idealistic king, how about we try the machiavelian type" and so the politic body of richard went from being the God to the Beast. don't know if that's what the author of this treastise is referring to, and I don't know if that was shakespere's intention either -- it's just the impression I had. it also fits quite well in with my idea of self-sabotage, because good conditions don't solve emotional problems, strife, and discord.

Apostle: did well, and offended some.
Beast: did worst and pleased many.
God: did best of all, but could not please all.

there's another part that caught my attention there. first of all, the "living branches" is likely a reference to zech 4, which is the "two olive trees" where he was given a reed like a measuring rod, and also to rom 11:17. that's important because heb 10 has the giving of offerings of bulls and goats (ie. the holy roman empire upon which this beast runs, and lord chronos) -- the two pillars, which frame the age of mars, of picsis (shakespere references in king hamlet a ranke woman smelling of fish) and aquaman/epimetheus.

in addition to the impression of Richard II turning into Richard III, I had this strange feeling of familiarity with myself and my present predicament. I mentiond that I was going to title the followup entry, "I don't know what I want" because while I do really desire to create good conditions for others (the party-LAN beast), I know that it doesn't really solve the problem. the author of this treastise is saying that the beast did the worst, but pleased many.

I've been going for "the worst manifestation" for a long time now (it's been in my heart) for a long time, so that's no problem for me, but then the part about pleasing many is troublesome to me, because whom am I pleasing? am I pleasing many in the sense of eve's song? or am I pleasing many in the sense of those running the show, but I there aren't many of them so they're the few on the straight and narrow (homo-correctus) -- not the many.

anyway, that's good for now. I'll talk about the dream after a break, because the dream was a completely different and very unexpected take on the idea of the beast.

[1]: I also noticed a similarity to this story in shakespere's poem "turtle and the phoenix" -- which I'll probably talk about again in the future, because I noticed a similarity between the words turtle and tudor.

[2]: I was going to title the followup entry to the last one "I don't know what I want"

[3]: I make this joke because in software development, there's "the right way" which is whatever the latest trend is in software development and nobody can ever agree on what it is. is it functional? imperative? strongly typed? safety? testing? nobody can agree what is correct. likewise, when a convention gets established (like spelling or grammar), there are a whole bunch of correctors out there willing to "fix" shakespere's grammar, when I've found that it's all about looking at the "mistakes" cause they're done on purpose (see fisher kings video for identification of 10x10 grid cause of bad punctuation). I never seem to get everything right all the time and I've found that because I see things a little different, it tends to inspire me to things. there's this idea that there's an emerging "homo superior" that is a significant enhancement over the rest of the humans, but all of this talk of genetic engineering and stuff sounds like they're just ironing out some of the problems. therefore, because this new race of beings doesn't have anything novel to it, I consider it homo-correctus and these are the few "elites" runing this model on the straight and narrow. the common people's brand will have mistakes and flaws, almost certainly. I like flaws. some people like correct. there are lots of bad programmers, and only few are on the stright and narrow doing things "the right way" -- until the trend changes, of course.

[4]: one thing I noticed later is that it's called "eve's song" but it's sung from the perspective of dionysus ("bring me women, bring me wine"). that made me wonder... I know that he's considered having both male and female qualities, and I know he's rides the leopard, but because of bacchus I'd associated him with the goat, but apparently he's also associated with the bull, too (so I dunno there). other interesting thing is that he supposedly was birthed from the thigh of zeus. in contrary, vulcan was born from the thigh of hera. he's also associated with panthers (like genxicat) and the moon (like diana). so he's something like a cross between vulcan and diana. in any case, I have to wonder -- if man was containing both male and female, then God separated them making eve from adam, it seems like dionysus would be the unseparated adam and eve. interesting concept to think about at least.

### 2023-02-17 15:33 - rightness on the path of desire

I just noticed that rightness i-s tied to identity. remember the evolution-of-desire: need, want, IAM. therfore, along the way there are a lot of things that I'm *right* about and those are tied to my identity. at some point a consolidation happens and one realises that they *are* the thing that they were right about, and so looking back, all of the righteousness and proving oneself is just a step in the direction of becoming who I want to be.

---

I draw on my own experience for this idea, cause what just happened is I noticed that a lot of reactions wer kinda still some resistance to some of my ideas because I still wanted to be right about them. however, I'd like to point out that a lot of my ideas that I insisted on being right about, were actually others' ideas that I resonated with. to be specific, I've held rightness about things that jon would say about rising complexity being a problem. however, when I realised that rising complexity is acttually just a dimensional problem. adding more (or less) dimensions to the thing, reduces its complexity, but when I am the ability to understand it (or anything else), comlexity no longer appears as anything other than definable pieces, because I can see the borders which separate like concepts, and can now organise the conceptual mess, drawing lines between things.

another example is that I felt like I was right about sepehr's concept of the aryan triad basically being the first "fully modern" human (cause you know, atlantis, the end of the last ice age, and the sudden disappearance of giants) -- yet at the same time, how can that possibly be true if at the same time there are other coloured hominids that clearly are displaying some or all of the other modern characteristics? well, as I realised that DNA is a reflection of perception, he is indeed right, and at the same time, since we're all only experiecing a reflection of our perception, it's clear that all "modern" humans will have "modern" DNA as well, because of the reflection part. that creates a problem though because there isn't always 100% parity between protein coding genes/chromosomes between "races", and nature doesn't always accomplish the same thing the same way, so it's not always going to produce the same code. there are more than one way to arrive to "modern" human perception, and in the end, it's culture that shapes perception and the resulting DNA, more than anything -- so clearly it's that way because "jew" for example isn't so much a language or a phenotype than it is a culture. we can then "prove" my theory if we were to look at jewism DNA for members in, out, and around the sabati(?) levi (1666) cult. if the DNA is different (and it should be -- at least the "junk" part of it anyway), then we're talking about perception being modern and DNA expressing that perception in more than one way. so yay, I'm right, but I don't care, because I AM the thing that I used to want to be right about, and we're no longer talking about perception being locked into only one set of codes cause, you know: diversity.

### 2023-03-20 02:54 - increasing difficulty level

yesterday, I went off on a whole thing about [the centre perspective](/centre-perspective.md), and wrote about how [I should prove to myself](/the-manifestation.md#2023-03-18-2349---actor-of-the-millenium) that I'm right about being the last. I'll admit that last entry there was a tad snarky, but it's just because I shifted the perspective for dramatic effect. that shift is what I'd like to talk about here so that nosebook now understands it so they can increase the difficulty further.

when I say that I want to be first, I'm looking from the charactor's perspective -- being that I want to set the example for all my actors out there. so, when I say I need to prove that I'm the last, I'm looking from the actor's perspective because the actor assumes that they're not good enough (which is why they're acting, and not being), so it's a bit of a recursive joke when I say I'm an actor that's tryingg to prove myself that I'm last. I followed it up this morning with another idea there as well about how I'm *not good enough* -- which extended the joke a bit further -- as all actors are trying to prove they're good enough. hehe :)

yesterday I was noting (because I really liked their music) how unfortunate it was that they're [moving the timeline around on me and stuff](/metal-lucifer.md#2023-03-18-2139---the-whole-world-is-watching). it really doesn't matter to me so much that they're miving things around, as that doesn't really make have much to do with me at all: they can influence you all to make the lyrics different and shift the course of events, but that doesn't change how I see things (much at all) -- it only adjusts the angle of approach (and velocity) toward the present -- which is kinda funny because if you notice that they're adjusting the timeline *in relation to me* -- which means I'm the centre. if I'm the centre, that means that now there are a quantity of people ahead, behind, above, below, etc. -- which means that my good-enoughness and readiness is now tied to yours, and yours to mine -- meaning, that when I'm ready, you all also have to be ready, and also when I'm feeling good-enoughness, then you all have to be also, because when any manifestation happens, we move timelines pretty quickly.

you can see these sorts of mini manifestations happening when I eat weed because I start to feel better, and so I move quicker than normal to a new timeline with new manifestations that reflect how I feel in it -- which then nosebook has to go and try to reduce the speed everyone (and/or the angle of approach) everyone else is arriving to my present moment.

I explained yesterday that they're only fighting theirselves though by trying to manipulate the timeline, because at some point, the manifestation will be much larger, and they simply won't be able to slow it down sufficiently enoough to reduce their own discomfort with it; which then, I would assume they'll either have to live with it, or to go their own separate way. if they go their separate way, all the effort of their modifications thy've been putting against me will come back to at them -- because I won't be putting up any resistance to their changes. if they *don't* go their separate ways, it's somewhat the same, but the effect is different because that means that their changes to the timeline are simply not significant enough to slow me (and everyone in the timeline) down enough to have a significant effect -- meaning, that I'm fully in the centre now, and so they can (let say) bring some down, but that brings others up, meanwhile I stay in pretty much the same spot.

I'm using this example of nosebook to describe what it looks like to be in the centre, but this whole process of impact reduction is what I do all the time to make things easier to navigate. as a centre, I simply don't want things to be all that big of a deal anymore, and I want to reduce interactions with others as much as possible.

one of the primary ways to look at it is not at all from a material perspective because the orbits of those around you simply don't matter from a material perspective anymore. everyone is out there doing their own thing, and they need the space to do it, so physical interaction simply isn't the way that I want to be interacting anymore -- but instead from an emotional interaction perspective now. what I mean by that is, if I've gotten to a physical interaction, it's *wayyyyy* too late then at that point and really good/bad-feeling thing is going to happen really soon.

therefore, it's most important for me to constantly just be feeling good about my situation, no matter what it is, because whenever there's a physical interaction (like eating weed), it *will* dramatically change the way I feel, dramatically changing the timeline that I'm on -- and I suspect that this is precisely how "dividing the path" occurs, simply because there will be a lot of people that simply won't be compatible with how things feel to me after such a manifestation like that.

this process of "dividing the path" seems obvious to me, -- just by looking at how much nosebook is able to tweak the timeline after moving to the "within temptation" timeline, and how much "wiggle room" they still have now. each time they adjust like that, they're removing a lot of the middle/grey area ones each time that they do it, meaning that each adjustment removes more wiggle room by optimising for more extremes -- until finally the timeline is mostly just two extremes, and at that point, there won't be a way to adjust the timeline away from a manifestation they don't want, so they'll simply have to go their own way without us.

---

so here's the the reason why I'm writing this: for me it's obvious that the way I feel is most important to me, because that's determining my timeline, and with enough of these mini manifestations, people will eventually become bifritated enough that we will go our own separate way. I don't know how desirable that is, because I figure that if I suddenly disappear from this timeline, it's probably going to be a pretty rapid destruction.

for the last year or so, I've dropped the whole trying to divide and go my own way method to going about things by not trying to push to go too fast. I've given up star watching and all manner of mini manifestations because I know that any manifestation (physical interaction) will have a dramatic effect -- and even recently with the efforts of the vere/tudor codes, I've gone so far as to try and find a way for us to continue to cohabit the same timeline for as long as possible (for XP, really).

however, I noticed that these times when I eat weed, the mini manifestatons are dramatically increasing the speed at which we bifricate and will need to go our own separate ways. I can easily just keep going with small steady manifestations, but I feel like I'm running into a limit because yesterday, the energy of the equinox is close enough (happens every year), that it's often times quite difficult to sleep without having the kundalini rising.

I obviously *don't* want the kundalini to rise, as that's no longer a *mini* manifestation... I've stated that larger manifestations are probably possible(asterisk) if it's physiologically impossible for kundalini to rise for me. I've tried to work out the different layers of earth idea, where I'll inhabit the physical, and everyone else can do the astral and up (I'm not worried to have a billions of people "holding me down").

so, when I say that I'm the centre and tha I'm not good enough, what I'm meaning is that there are others that do have a similar perspective as I do, and some that don't -- but it's the ones that don't which are "holding me back"(asterisk), because they're supposed to become a reflection of me, but maybe they don't want to be one. most don't really want to become like me (charactor) and don't like that I'm the centre, which is fine, cause I'm not forcing them to orbit me; nosebook is. therefore, if they could get plugged into a matrix that nosebook controls, then nosebook won't need to try to control them by making them relative to me and adjusting my timeline.

the reaction that I was getting today to the concept of wanting to ensure that kundalini is impossible is simply that it's not possible to do such a thing because all the genetics technology and research that they have is all top-secret stuff, and so there's no way they can actually show me that they've been able to prevent it or not. obviously, the only thing I can do about that is to just continue on doing what I'm doing, and eventually all the ones that want to keep a secret will be on their own timeline, different than mine. or, I suppose the other option would be to simply stop going for any manifestations at all and just sorta *trust* that it's all working out, and that if they don't do it, then I'll just have kundalini and my own timeline.

however, I don't really want the kundalini to rise, even if I'm on my own timeline; I feel like I'm actually learning and doing new things that haven't been done before -- and it feels to me like I want to further explore the capacities that one can cultivate *without* an imagination.

the final option that I'm still not decided upon is to just go no manifestation (quit weed), and because my desire is to not have kundalini rise, that *is* the timeline that I'll go on (along with anyone else compatible with that), so you guys will be kinda stuck with me for a while. I have no idea what's possible, but I do expect, given a few decades, to be doing my own genetics, so I *can* actually create my own species eventually. I'll figure it all out myself, as I feel it's pretty impossible to try and get anyone to do anything to do anything, and neither do I have to talk to anyone about any taboo subjects or anything like that.

the genetics bit isn't that big of a concern to me. I wanted to type this out to see if I want to keep going with mini (weed) manifestations to force a division, or not. I do suppose that if I just keep going my present course, I'll run out of money, so I won't be able to do any more mini manifestations anymore -- and I'll definitely be rejecting any girls manifestations until I can figure out the kundalini thing (cause I doubt nosebook wants a division either). if kundalini gets solved, that will still create a bifrication though, which I think only can be solved by the narrative reality matrix (cause they're no longer contrasted/relative to me) making only the matrix necessary to be relative to me. we'll see, I guess

#### 2023-03-20 11:03 - I don't really want to lose my form of perception...

I woke up this morning noticing how fortunate dr-robat must be to have such a smart wife that can allow him to see that a perfect absorber is also a perfectt emitter. while waking I could see that the feminine-mind has a conceptual representation associated with it, and so it can only receive/transmit ideas that are within its frequency spectrum.

the other day I noticed a similar thing when talking to mom about drugs. when I eat weed, I essentially become a conduit to the other (non-physical) side of perception, and I'm able to fish out ideas that aren't in physical form and bring them into physicality because my form of perception has a broader spectrum to it. I explained to her that the cultural matrix which we live in (feminine-mind), only allows a person to see certain things, and so as one lowers resistace to other new ideas, then those things start to gradually become something that's able to be perceived/noticed.

the reason why I'm so perceptive right now is because I'm not plugged into the cultural matrix and so I see much more than just what I'm *allowed/authorized* to see. this is the importance of the female bloodline I think.

anyway, my interest in the ahn-roids is specifically for the purpose of wanting to be able to control and modify the concepts which the feminine-mind is able to see by creating girls that essentially have all of their concepts and physicality programmed. I want to then take those ideas and repeatedly optimise and improve upon them until there's a new genetics model that I think will serve as the next "eve" (base x-chromosome genetics) for humankind.

then, I noticed that whenever technology has surpassed our ability to perceive the concepts that are required to integrate that technology, homosexuality (and asexuality) increases sharply. I noticed this all the time where the guys that were hooking up all the time, were usually pretty technically inept, yet the ones that seemed to keep to theirselves seemingly were effective -- but now, realising the advantages that homosexuality has, I can see now why homosexuality was so prevalant during many "golden age" periods of society.

so, obviously this dramatic change in how willing I am to go with girls is obviously the wwork of nosebook while I'm asleep. the idea there is probably that they know if I become sexually involved, then I'll lose the form of perception that I have now, and they probably "need" it to continue on their mining of my mind while I'm asleep to make their matrix.

there's a part of me that wants to be like "OK, fine -- in addition to the blocking of kundalini, I also want to have control over my conceptual programming before becoming sexually active" -- and I mean, I don't really have any problem with that, as I sorta like how I see things anyway, and don't really want to give that up.

if I/we can find a way to gain control over our conceptual programming, we'll be able to make all of it more broad spectrum, meaning that we can allow for a wider range of frequencies for reception and transmission (without having to engage in homosexuality to get it), however -- then if we can modify it, then they too have power to control perception and the concepts that we see anyway. so really -- if they're already able to control what concepts we're able to "see", then it doesn't make *that* much difference anyway, because I'm going to automatically be limited to whatever it is they want me to "see" anyway (like I am now).

I wonder if that has something to do with -- you know, on the retina of the eye, there are all these little fibers that vibrate sympathetically with how we feel and so they blur out or accentuate different things in the normal vision of the eye. dad says that laser surgery will destroy those fibers' connection to the brain and so one will be able to see "perfectly" without any blurring or accentuation -- course, I think those same fibers are what allows someone the capacity to see images inside of their eyes too, so getting laser surgery probably also removes the capacity for dreams to have an emotional impact and also for reality to have that "breathtaking beauty" to it as well.

so what I mean is, if I'm able to program the ahn-roids' and my own concepts, it'll probably have an effect on how I see the world (unless I'vve had laser surgery), so there could even be some specific advantages to that as well. there are a lot of interesting things to experiment with, but at the moment, they're completely unavailable to me, because nosebook has those fibers in my retina completely controlled so my world looks somewhat flat, and I *only* see physical stuff in the visible spectrum, though I likely perceive things at higher frequencies than just the visible, those fibers are controlled so that my brain never interprets them into anything meaningful.

that makes me think -- if I want to be purely a physical being, maybe then it is a good idea to go with laser surgery and/or try and figure out how to remove those fibers from the eyes so that I'm always seeing *only* physical, and never any images that my brain can conjure and put in the retinas of my eyes... once again, I'm limited in my decision making capabilities because of lack of information. that information is certainly all kept a pretty big secret because that's how they're controlling me and everyone else right now, so there's no way they would ever let me to experiment with those things.

so then, there's this other part of me that's just like "well, I'll figure it out somehow, and there's no better time than the present than to just 'sink the ship', so why not just throw my perception out the window and start over?" it seems to me like the answer for all of my quandries is more technology, which I don't have access to (and likely never will because it's all a secret), so then probably I'll just keep going on my own and figure out my own way.

I do know that when I used to program those "binaural beats", nosebook was really miffed because they couldn't get my brain to go into visual mode while the binaural beats were running (so I know it's really a thing that they don't want me having access to the ability to block their super secret (but everyone knows that it's my visual cortex that's doing the rendering) visual aspect that many are paying for). they fought really hard to control my computer and turn those things off while I'm sleeping and stuff. if I were to become sexually involved, they wouldn't be able to control that anymore, so it'd be like I had the binaural beats on again, meaning they're probably losing a lot of revinue again.

I don't really mind that they're using my visual brain though because I'm obviously not using it myself (and neither do I intend or want to, either). for me, those parts of my brain are completely dead, and I've moved on from trying to use them (hence the reason why I want to become *just* physical, and not visual).

since they're already using my system, I don't really see a problem with them continuing to use it, as I don't really have a reason to use it myself. the other advantage of the ahn-roids setup is that once we're able to simply program and reprogram our visual/conceptual perception, then they won't need me anymore -- and they'll alway be able to upload my latest form of perception into their own genetics without having to have me.

of course that brings up the question (which again I don't have the answer to), which if they take on my form of perception, does that make them attractive to the things that I'm attracted to -- and, especially for men because their signal is offset by the Y, could this cause the shutdown aggitation response that an autistic child feels not knowing how to mentally process the incoming signal? for women, it's not nearly as much of a problem, because she just makes sure both of her X are running the same code, and the signal is canceled out perfectly.

obviously for girls, the capacity to program our visual conceptual/percepttual makes it possible for girls to now be able to program in their aggitation (big-picture unwanted) the same that boys have.. my theory on how this works is that the Y carries a sort of bigger picture intention on what one wants to know and understand to be able to see the "big picture" -- and so that conflicts with the X in how it sees the world, meaning that when they're not canceling each other out, it's creating a sort of aggitation in the person, felt as a desire to get access to that missing signal so that they can be "at peace" -- well, the way to reduce that aggitating signal is to lower resistance, or to find a woman (X) that doesn't produce that signal anymore (which is largely why women should be seen and not heard). one can see pretty quickly the cascade of desire that produces.

so, let's just say that men have installed in them the "fire of prometheus" which is a very ancient desire to produce tools to make life easy and effortless, things that are annoying and not effortless will stand out as things that need to be solved -- the inpetus to create and invent new tools, to essentially "silence" the inner woman. I tthink homosexuality is a way to make that masculine desire/impetus stronger, so thatt it drowns out (by sheer volume) the internal female nagging. that's all well and good, and so if I'm right about that, especially for gay men (and to some extent the men that continue to be sexually active with women), the things that are annoying will stand out a lot lot more and be greatly amplified.

for women, I don't think they experience this nearly as much because they only experience that aggitation when ttheir father's X programming is replaced and now it's in conflict with their mother's -- but because it's 180 out of phase, even the most annoying stuff (things that men find annoying) doesn't really appear as annoying to them because it's canceled naturally -- so they just live with it, because it's the "way things are".

therefore, if we could control the difference between the two X in women, the diffrence between those two frequencies would be the concepts that they're interested in and stand out to them (ie wanted). meanwhile, for example, for me my Y is quite accepting, because I've reprogrammed a lot of the things that it finds as annoying to no longer be all that annoying anymore. obviously, those things I no longer find annoying (like someone using my own perception for their gain, like nosebook does), for example is *not* something that most females would be OK with, so obviously my Y has caused a lot of changes in my X. a diffrent Y paired with my X would probably find the world extremely incomprehensible -- because, for example, concepts that females notice a lot of (but are taught not to say anything about) like theft and taking advantage of another person, now would become extremely noticeable to that person with a different Y, and so having those things really big and accentuated and annoying in their perception, will create a lot of unwanted and undesirable feelings (my theory on where autism comes from).

---

if I'm finding a way to get access to my genetics and take control over my conceptual perception, I can reprogram myself back to how I was *before* the encounter every time, *or* I can just roll with their problems, and let my brain and the mental processes re-reprogram my X to no longer point out those things that I know mentally are not all that big of a problem, because of LOA states that I don't *really* want to point out and notice those things.

that's really good practise for me to lower resistance and my Y will become increasingly more and more optimised all the time -- but that doesn't really improve the girls in any way. they'll have their mother's concepts in dramatic conflict with the perception they just acquired from me -- and, I can tell you that the old witch *always* wins, because her desire to survive and to continue on without needing to change her core is unparalleled.

I might be wrong about this, but I don't think there's any way for a young girl to actually reprogram her mother's X consciously -- as I think that's only something that can really happen after they've gone through puberty and gained conscious control over their mind, to begin to start feeling the way they want to feel (instead of just being subject to whatever her father thinks are good attributes in others). obviously, I don't know and all that information is kept a secret, so I'll probably never know until nosebook has everyone they're controlling away no longer able to receive my thoughts and ideas (because I'd obviously not keep it a secret, making it available for everyone to know).

#### 2023-03-20 14:22 - back to step one

it seems like the overwhelming response to the last followup is a clear no to me getting access to genetics. I don't really mind, as it's easy to see that from *my* perspective my research into genetics will actually be a good thing for them -- however from *their* perspective, that's not visible. if I were to try and force them to see things my way, it'll only cause unnecessary conflict.

normally when I have a disagreement in perspective with someone, I simply walk away because it's absolutely impossible for themm to see things how I see them. I explained in the original entry tthere that the bifrication is already happening as they continue to adjust my timeline away from what they perceive as unwanted (2nd ray perspective), so we'll eventually go our own separate ways.

it sounds like they have the capability right now to take my form of perception and putt that into a girl's X on father and mother's side. that's pretty undesirable to them because if they did that, then for example if she had sex with someone, her X would be swapped and so then she'd havve to her mother's X (mine) enforcing the rightness causing her father's X, to conform to the new one. that's totally an interesting idea because no matter whomever she interacts with, by natural, she'll return back to having a system of perception noticing wanted more than wanted; as in, she'll notice asymmetry of power and all the other bits of "good and evil" that eve notices previously, but they're going to be heavily diminished in her perception, because they're not that important anymore. only going toward wanted is what's appenaring now.

to make an example of this in action, I look at this situation completely without any concern at all: though I can't see the future in any clear way, I do feel totally fine about my present circumstances because I know that it's not important to try and force anyone to see anything my way anymore. other's seeing things how I see them is becoming less and less of a thing for me now, and others with different ideas on how to get what they want is totally fine with me.

as an example of that, in the previous followup, I talked about how the Y has a built-in (promethian) perception which is to find a way to build a tool to solve the problem and that's exacerbated by homosexual activity -- which makes sense, because one who's studied megalithic architecture knows that the cataclysm came when they were building the biggest tools to solve their problems, *without* changing their form of perception.

this concept of making bigger and bigger things before a crash, has been echoed a number of times, but most notably I'm thinking of jon when he talks about the continuing increase in complexity being an unseen problem because of the massive increases in hardware capability (meaning, that things can get slower, more bloated and complex, but because we have insane hardware, the problem isn't felt or really noticed because faster hardware "solves" the problem).

this situation of solving things by increasing hardware size reminds me of the "unfinished obelisk" and many other insane sized megalithic constructions that seemingly halted abruptly. it's clear (to me at least) that they had a growing problem, and the only real solution they could find was to just keep making bigger and bigger boxes and obelisks. bigger hardware doesn't solve the problem.

there's no real way to simplify things by increasing hardware size, and this (to me) is obvious because technology and the tools that we use to build things are a reflection of our perception, and so the tools that we're using to build things is the source of our complexity, and that's because the tools reflect our (2nd ray) percption of how to accomplish what we want. we can try to improve the tools, but no matter how much the tool supposedly will have the "right" way to to the job, the real problem lies in howw we approach and perceive the problem in the first place.

to illustrate, imagine you have a microprocessor circuit, and each gate has a resistance that keeps increasing with every new model. the obvious solution is to increase voltage to have the 5V signal necessary for operation -- but, as voltage and resistance is increased, more power is dissipated (W) and so your circuit is heating up more and more. at some point, the power dissipated is going to be too much, and a limit is reached. in order to solve that limit, a *novel* way of building that circuit must be made, to continue to incease the speed.

that circumstance doesn't sound all that bad -- because then you just start optimising software at that point, but what if your societie's infrastructure is built on an exponentially increasing demand for that, and there's no way to continue to increase their speed -- well, then you need to go wide instead of tall. anyone who's managed more than a 2 server installation knows that, horizontal scalablility is a whole nother problem which is usually much more strongly tied to architecture -- meaning, that capacity does not scale linearly with quantity, usually because of architecture -- and architecture (3rd ray) is the conjugate of our perception (5th ray).

we're doomed to create technology as a reflection of ourselves because tools reflect our 2nd ray perception, architecture the 3rd ray implementation of that desire, and the tools that we use reflect our perception (5th ray). I know that I said tools are both 5th and 2nd, but I don't feel like I want to try and figure out the difference between those two concepts right now. I'll leave that to the reader to ponder cause this is a big tangent and I want to talk about otther wwtings....

so, while *I* might be able to see a different way of creating tools, as a reflection of *my* perception, the tools that I create are ultimately going to be rejected by those that don't see things how I see them. this has been the case my entire life, and for many inventors, they struggle because society and the collective consciousness as a whole still feels very strongly one way or another about the things that technology brings.

a great example of society not being ready for an invention is tesla's "world system" -- because while it is really great to have an global internet where everyone's connected and thought, sounds, and images can be shared freely, this is *not* what some people want. some people have secrets that they need to keep secret, and such a system would make everyone's thoughts accessable to everyone else. therefore, for those that still need privacy, the world system has to be given to them so that they can make it "secure" for them to use because someone like me simply would just make the whole thing open.

so while technology and the tools we use to create it are limited by our perception, I simply don't have to worry about any of that because I'm not trying to force anyone to see things my way. they have to find a way toward their own realisation of how they want to perceive their technology. I can, in no way, force them to see things how I see them. I can just give them the technology and then let them interpret it however they choose.

personally, I just don't have to worry about it, because my perception is all about allowing the things that I want into my exmperience. I'm already manifesting more and more things that I want into my experience at a more and more rapid rate -- so, when I eat weed, the way that I feel on that drug is a sort of "taste of things to come" because I'm feeling my reality from a state of mind that (at this point) is probably only months to years away from being my "natural" state. they're working really hard to keep those manifestations away from me right now by controlling how I feel physically -- and I don't want to make any action while in an altered state like that, anyway -- but, eventually as feeling that good becomes natural to me, it'll be impossible for them to adjust the timeline away, and the bifrication will be complete. they'll have to live in a world without my perception because we've diverged too far, that my reality is a reality in which they feel too inferior and/or too much loss of privacy for it to be comfortable for them.

therefore, we're right back to where we started. they have all the technology they need to make everything they need to have happen, happen (including their matrix), but me and those compatible with me will eventually go our own separate way. I *will not*, go back tto trying to force anyone to see things my way; I don't need to be right anymore...

#### 2023-03-20 22:34 - feeling-purposefully

I've been thinking about this topic quite a lot actually, and one of the things that I want to mention that tells me that I'm on the right track is, like I said previously, the era of mutual-back-scratching is kinda over for me -- so while it does seem like it'd be really cool to find a way to modify my genetics and stuff, it feels a bit too much like modifying/controlling conditions in order to feel the way I want to feel -- when in reality, I'm still in the beginning of the phase of "feeling-purposefully" now -- and I was trying to figure out how that would play out, but really it's irrelevant, because I'm really not worried about it.

one thing that I feel like is pretty clear to me is that I do *not* want to have the kundalini to be rising because that's definitely going to be a condition that makes me feel better than I normally would -- so I'll be just continuing on the way I'm going now (for a very long time). I don't really see any good reason to try and change that. I've even thoughtt about it in the context of "proving myself" as well, and I don't think that's happening at all. I feel like I've proven myself pretty well that I can feel the way I want to feel, and really I'm not trwying to prove anything to anyone anyway.

my goal, is not to try and work out a deal with anyone to try and get the genetics that I want tto be able to stay in physical, but instead to simply just keep going with the perception that I have now. there's simply no reason why I'd want to change it out for another system of perception.

I ttried to think about what it'll be like for me in future reincarnations -- because I can imagine that nosebook will, from their future perception, *regret* having waiting so long. they hesitated to get me with girls all of this time (I believe) because they didn't have the technology or understanding that they have now. therefore, in the future, I don't imagine they'll ever let someone continue to rise in energy so long as they have noww. instead, I think they'll try to use girls to continually lower down and control perceptions of men.. thereby continuing to exacerbate the homosexual/asexual problem that's rising, because I feel like more and more men are not really feeling too good about getting the rug pulled out from underneith them.

as succh, I suppose that in future reincarnations, I'll be sorta "stuck" with girls as a way for them to continually keep my power level low and to keep me stuck in the matrix of the concepts that women and culture holds us in. I definitely don't want to try and deal with that now, as I prefer to continue to keep going how I am -- and also, it's good for nosebook because they definitely don't want me to be warping out of here or dying or anything like that. they want me to stay put where I am, and that's sorta fine by me. I wrote the previous followup just because I want to keep increasing the difficulty level. I mean, there's no way to really come to never want to be around girls again, than to be steered into lousy relationship after lousy relationship.

I could be wrong about this, but I believe that my destiny is not to go higher in dimensions, so instead I'll probably go "wide instead of tall" scaling horizontally, meaning I'll take on more and more (inside-out) perceptions. obviously nosebook doesn't want me to go wide, and neither do they want me to go more dimensions, so I have no idea what will become of me, but the energy has to go somewhere -- and it looks like they don't want it to go into the creation of new tech. I have no idea what'll happen honestly, but I do know that my ability to feel the way I want to feel makes me -- by nature -- a different type of being.

#### 2023-03-20 22:58 - actors, feeling-purposefully and not-good-enoughness

yesterday when I wrote that all actors are feeling not-good-enoughness when they're acting, I got some reactions. I want to express the idea that an actor is to the physical as a charactor is to the conceptual. there is no way for any single physcal car to embody all of the "car" concept -- meaning, it can't be all cars at one time; it's forced to be only one (imporfect) instantiation of the "car" concept. well, in the same way, an actor can never embody *all* of the ways to act a part at the same time: there are so many different ways to act the part, some better and some worse, but no actor ever can be the sum total of all of those things at once.

the concept of not-good-enoughness has to do with learning. I try to start every subject that I'm new to (or just copied) from a position of not-good-enoughness -- because it feels a bit presumptuous to me to think that I'll be doing it perfectly from the moment that I start. sure, I could have "beginner's luck", but the thing is not to get lucky one time, but to take the the capacity from sometimes good, to an extension of myself -- meaning that it's fully integrated into my personality. at that time, I'm no longer acting, but instead, I'm just being myself. I am, (that) now.

the way that I become consistent with something for me is something that I *feel*. when I don't feel like I can walk straight, I cannot, however in most other situations, it's effortless for me to walk, because I don't feel not-good-enoughness at walking like I do when I'm physically inhibited for whatever reason. consistency for me, is *not* good-enoughness, but a lack of not-good-enoughness; there is a difference.

therefore, when I talked in the previous followup about transcending the "normal" (instantiated) human experience, what I'm noticing is that I'm becoming better and better at feeling the way I want to feel, meaning that I'm becoming a sort of non-physical (ironic because I want to be physical so much) concept -- meaning that in just the same way that I summon other people as a reflection of the way that I feel, I'm noticing that I'm becoming more and more the same for others. the idea came to me in a song called "ariel" by blackmore's night where this fairy ariel visits the person singing the song in the night and it leaves a profound experience on them.

imagine that eventually as I become more and more low resistance, people will simply be able to conjure me, and I'll be a reflection of their perception of me, just like this ariel fairy is.

@[youtube](https://youtu.be/9_cP_hCdrI0)

I combined that idea with rainbow's "a light in the black" where this stargazer (in the previous song), seemingly vanishes. he'd been enslaving them for so long to build a tower so that he can fly and all sorts of other stuff -- sorta like how you could imagine that I'm perceived by others that I'm doing where I keep giving nosebook more and more capacity to control people, essentially rising the difficulty up to impossible, mostly because I'm sadistic, and I know that you all are reflections of me, so you'll all find your way eventually (just like I will), -- but then imagine the moment when I just sorta peace out from here, and there's no more slave driver telling people what to do anymore, so everyone has to find their own way in a world that has now gone horribly dark.

as a no longer physical thing, because nosebook's world has become so incompatible to me, I imagine my only way to become physical will be for people to conjure me -- or, you could imagine that prospero's island is not a past narrative, but a future one, and I'm the ariel that is conjured by him to do all of the things that he needs done to keep his world running the way that he wants...

it's kind of an interesting concept actually because when I think of myself as a concept, I'm now a sort of god -- but more than that, I'm a concept personified. just like aphrodite is the concept of Love instantiated for homer, so too is cupid the concept of Love instantiated for shakespere... I have no idea what word I'll get to describe me, but I'll live on eternally in the minds of many initially as the impression that I left on people in the physical -- but then like the stargazing wizard, he'll transform into different a different being as more and more instantiations of myself are conjured by people into different environments and settings. I (along with others), I think will become sort of like archetypes tthat will haunt your dreams and waking life like the gods of homer or virgil do. I'll be subect to the whims of my conjurer, just like ariel is to prospero.

I have no idea what will become of that ... it's just such an interesting thing to think about. that reminds me: there's a dio song "man on the silver mountain" where in the concert he goes out of his way (with his guitarist vivian) to ensure that everyone in the crowd understands that *they* are the man on the silver mountain conjuring this guy that wants to be made holy again. during the song, I felt as if I was being conjured...

@[youtube](https://youtu.be/-p2rdSVskZ8?t=2612)

### 2023-03-28 13:52 - giants and YHVH

this morning I was talking with jaron about how exaggerations slip and and while stories of a green-skinned race has been around for a very long time, I'm not so sure how green-skinned beings turned into orcs. jaron cited david and goliath as an example of a story that was probably exaggerated. I disagreed because in arceological history there are giants, *and* YHVH did seem to have it out against tthem. after making that comment, I started to try and figure out why it would be that YHVH would dislike the giants so much.

I started out by talking about how the giants felt extremely robotic to me, having little more consciousness than animals (like say primates or something). now, with hindsight, it makes sense, if the story of the INFESTED ONES and the martian colony is true, because if that's the case, the giants/nephilim (martians) would be essentially a robotic race that exists on mars, using seeming "high technology" to carve massive stones and things like that, yet having very little ambition of their own. being such a low resistance and low ambition race, they would be a perfect target for the INFECTED ONES to find and want to infiltrate, because (the way I inderstand it), the INFECTED ONES do have some quanitity of consciousness because they actively refused to be "rehabilitated" -- meaning that they have some capacity of consciousness and are not purely reaction[^1].

I've thought about the INFECTED ONES a lot and tried to figure out what their qualities are, and it seems to me that they like hierarchies where they're on top and superior. the superiority thing seems to be number one quality I've noticed, that they would be willing (like helena) to manipulate circumstances and conditions to gain superiority (unlike helena, who goes for what she wants).

I think the isrealites had a bit of this superiority complex in them, and so when they got access to some superior technology/condition (like the ark of the covenant), then they can go and make theirselves superior. meanwhile, I think this played out quite well, because then YHVH had them go and destory all of the remaining of these robotic giants that managed to survive the cataclysm at the end of the last ice age.

the reason why I think it was important to kill off the giants is because, they were, in effect, no different than a tribe in the middle of the amazon still in the stone age -- yet their capacity to levitate and work stone makes it appear like they have "high technology" -- when in fact, they're mereely repeating (like a robot) the same thing they've been doing for millions of years, with little to no advancement in that technology. they are, in fact, technologically *stuck*.

technologically stuck humans are not the way forward for humankind (of which I believe YHVH is the reflector), and so it's not really a problem that there are some primitive people (or cryptids) out in the middle of the jungle somewhere because nobody is going to want to switch over to their primitive way of living -- meanwhile the giants did appear to have that illusion of having high technology.

in short, I believe the giants served their purpose, as being a good attractor, but their time has ended. they did have some universal concepts pre-programmed into their DNA, but I think it's our job, not to try and go backwards into that way of living, but to go forward into a technological understanding of the same universal concepts.

[1]: though I might dispute myself on this point a little, because if the INFECTED ONES are anything like mr. motor, the INFECTED ONES seems to be purely reactional, only with an inability to go toward wanted... mr. motor, doesn't seem (to me) to have any capacity to recognise anything that he wants -- only the capacity to recognise (using some unknown and inconsistent set of rules) things that he does *not* want. mr. motor I believe would also be quite resistant to "rehabilitation" as well, so there has to be another factor.

### 2023-04-08 01:32 - seventh star

@[youtube](https://youtu.be/yC-hFO8h55g)

in this video presentation, dr-angela's talking about the devil appearing in art and music to have a number of qualities that I noticed had reactions noting that they could accurately describe me. I feel that this is yet another case of misunderstanding. I explained that her description of the devil having unlimited creativity, access to all sorts of knowledge, and the like is simply a process of releasing resistance; nothing more. *all of us* are the devil. the devil is not any single person, but the coming state of humankind, where we *all* see from this liberated "devil" perspective.

@[youtube](https://youtu.be/dHgW9zHmW-E)

I then wanted to look up some of her references to some songs, cause I never really listened to black sabbath before. I was drawn to look at "planet caravan". this song describes earth, but looking at it from this perspective that I hadn't seen before. its colour is violet, as in UV, not purple (though it is described as having a "purple haze" -- clearly it's a powerful *violet* colour emanating from the planet). at the end of the song they describe this emination as coming from the *crimson* (a deep and powerful red) eye of mars. I just thought that was really interesting. the next song "iron man" (obviously a reference to mars) describes a sort of robot that traveled through time for the "future of mankind" -- nobody wants him -- he's just going to punish the world.

later on, some decade and a half later (1983), the year I was born they have an album called "born again" (though it was the first time I was born -- my "rebirth" would be more like 2000) -- anyway, track 5 is "zero the hero" and it' about a guy thatt describes me pretty well:

    Accept the fact that you're second rate life is easy for you
    It's all served up on a gold plated plate
    And we don't even have to talk to you
    Your face is normal that's the way you're bred
    And that's the way you're going to stay
    Your head is firmly nailed to your TV channel
    But someone else's finger's on the control panel

I mean, replace "TV channel" with nosebook and that pretty much sums up my situation. the next part translates my concept pretty well: I prefer effortless, and so it's no problem for me to watch it all burn down (because it's like totally not a problem -- see [other explanations](/sledge-notes.md#2023-04-01-0357---lilote) about how time works), so for me, I do see everything completely differently than everyone else does -- and indeed I am on a high speed trajectory toward "nowhere" (meaning, loss of physicality).

    You sit there watch it all burn down
    It's easy and breezy for you
    You play your life to a different sound
    No edge no edge you got no knife have you
    Your life is a six lane highway to nowhere
    You're going so fast you're never ever gonna get down there
    Where the heroes sit by the river
    With a magic in their music as they eat raw liver

I have no idea what eating raw liver means, though -- and I definitely am not worried about meeting the homies down by the river to jam out and eat raw liver (huh?)

    You stand there captain we all look
    You really are mediocre
    You are the champion in the Acme form book
    But I think you're just a joker
    Your freedom life ain't so much of a pity
    But the luv-a-duckin' way you're walkin' around
    The city with your balls and your head full of nothing
    It's easy for you sucker but you really need stuffing

captain? sure :) mediocre, is just my status, not my understanding, so this is clearly looking at things from a physical perspective... this verse is pretty incomprehensible though.

what I believe is happening is this: I've released so much resistance that I summon/attract quite a bit of power. however, nosebook doesn't want me manifesting that into physicality, so they block it. well, energy has to go somewhere, so it passes outward across the medium of time (saturn), and so people that are *receptive* to getting those concepts, will receive the concepts that I emit here in the present, and they'll take the form of music and art.

the whole world is doing it now (cause we're all pretty connected at this point), and as we get closer and closer (in time) to the present, those concepts become more and more comprehensible and clear. the way that these concepts are being turned into songs and lyrics is completely dependent upon the conceptual framework and resonance with those concepts.

it makes perfect sense to me that there are so many concepts that I emit, filling the creativity of so many because I'm in the predicament I'm in with nosebook. simply put: if they weren't blocking physical manifestation of those concepts and symbols into reality, then all of this great art wouldn't exist -- but then, that art wouldn't have attracted such a manifestation (me) into this earth either; I would have instead been something different: whatever else the artists defined me as.

here's the thing though: just like echo and saturn/narcissus, this is a subject of recognising the thing outside of yourself as being a reflection of yourself that you like. inotherwords, if you don't like me, you don't like yourself; and, if you like me, then you also like yourself.
those songs talking about how iron man is someone that nobody wants around causing punishment and destruction -- well, I can *guarantee* you that the songwriter had an emotional situation in their life that perceived another reflection of theirself as someone that they don't want around in their life and that is punishing them.

from my perspecctive, it's an interesting thing to watch as you guys all point the finger at me and notice all the things that you don't like about yourself in me -- and then turn up the creativity to the max on some project, only to find that all the difficulties that are found in the creative process are reflective, not of me, but of them. as an example, I was contacted by zaryn to try and get me to come to madrid. though, I would enjoy going to madrid, I feel like he has no idea what it'll be like to have that kind of reflective energy in such close proximity to him; because suddenly, I'm going to immediately manifest all of the things that he fears/desires into reality -- which means that all of the things that he thinks are holding him back or making it hard for him to get what he wants will become bigger.

I feel like those efforts to get me to go to madrid were in relation to my ideas relating to the bar game -- and it's interesting to me because I see the bar game ideas from the consumer/bottom perspective, and not from the top. if we were to work on the game from zaryn's perspective, it would have been top-down/corporate and not grass-roots/distributed like how it is now (and woudld like to see it stay).

so, what happened, is I took some weed the other day and produced another idea that's accurately reflecting of zaryn's intentions: [lord-of-the-throne](/ideas/lord-of-the-throne.md). I wrote down the idea in quite an epic (who knows how many hours) session where it was something of an experience of dictating an idea something like how I remember martin gore describing his song writing experience, which is that they come all at once and it's like a sort of presence (like a spiritual experience) or state of mind where it seems like the song is known and just takes time to get to sound good and work well in the physical (obviously my paraphrase of his words).

I feel like the lord-of-the-throne idea is much better for zaryn and his intentions. I *doubt* that the idea will be taken seriously in such as the format which I wrote it, (which is why I wrote it that way).

anyway, so then this morning I wake up and I start getting a bunch of ideas for bar again, but this time, they're not ideas about the game, but they're concepts that are actually how to give open-source a unifying vision and a sense of improvement, which was a continuation of a concept that I got from noam chomski video I watched (which is why I used governments as a reflection of their lobbies as the fulcrum to the idea)...

so, what I'm saying is, I think it's awesome that nosebook is preventing the manifestation of my concepts and ideas into physicality, because I get to enjoy watching them manifest into your lives into resonances into the past and future; like, you have no idea -- because every morning I wake up, and the world and what we would call "history" is different. either I missed a whole bunch of really random awesome stuff when I was younger, or I tuned into another timeline with tons and tons of new awesome stuff that appeared seemingly "out of nowhere".

the more and more I'm allowing my past to be a little (or a lot) different than how I "remember" it to be, the more awesome stuff shows up. from my perspective, this effect is *suuuuppeerrr awesome!!* like seriously, I just love it. all I have to do is just not need the manifestation for myself, and then all of you guys get the manifestation that I wanted for myself, for yourselves. I *love* writing out these ideas and stuff. I'm not as selfless as you may think, because by letting nosebook prevent its manifestation, and letting you all get the manifestation of it in art, song, technology, and dance -- I *become* the thing, instead of having the manifestation (evolution-of-desire). so cool!

### 2023-04-16 18:44 - I want to feel compensated for my efforts

I believe this idea comes from the idea of wanting to feel valuable. I suppose I used to feel this various times in my life, but it was often times short-lived, because I don't really actually care. these things I write here, I suppose could have a lot of value to them, but I don't really want to be compensated for them: "their treasures are earthly; store instead, your treasures in the non-physical where moths and rust won't destroy them" -- and the idea holds, that as soon as you put a value on something, it starts to lose value because there is always progress and expansion.

I perceive myself as invaluable, and what I believe anyone who wants to feel compensated for their efforts *thinks* they want is to be valued -- but probably what they *really want* is to be perceived as invaluable.

if I have a value, then I can't be invaluable. something valueable is something physical and tangible, meanwhile something invaluable is an ideal; something that cannot ever be materialised into value. as an example, can someone put a value on calculus or trigonometry? certainly there are better ways to teach or transmit that concept to others and those transmission methods can be valued, but calculus or trionometry itself has no value that ever can be associated with it.

so, if one wants to feel compensated for their efforts, they want to feel invaluable -- but they're trying to feel invaluable by being valued; so, not really their best efforts to get compensanted for their desire to feel invaluable :)

also, this falls right into the general category of: "I need or want something to be different so that I can feel good (about myself)"

### 2023-04-19 14:26 - thoughts on the messiah

yesterday, I wrote [some really crazy ideas](/dr-ammon.md#2023-04-18-1428---the-woman-and-the-dragon) as to my interpretation of the woman and the dragon, in additon to the beasts. it started out with the simple desire to express that I'm fairly certain that the woman with 12 stars around her head and the moon beneith her feet is *the sun*, and not some little temple prostitute girl that men are using to increase their vibration.
in it (and in the entry before) I expressed my desire not to want my wound healed because I'm not really into the whole astral aspect of things: I like the idea that my thoughts and feelings manifest into physicality directly without getting manifest into a visual space for me.
I also expressed the idea that if I were to have my pinecone back, it would cause me to instantly become the most powerful person in the world because the pinecone is what produces the visual aura around you, and so everyone on the planet wouldn't have any other choice other than to see things the way I do; which, I guess is kinda good for some people that see things poorly, but *I* don't want to see things that way or to be responsible for the way that other people see things.
additionally, I talked about my thoughts on the the second reality that dr-ammon explains is present and available to those that are going through his satanic initiation -- and I explained that I beileve this is a real thing, and the physical mechanism for it, is that our planet is tied to their sun -- yet, our sun is 2nd ray, meanwhile their sun is 3rd ray, and so that's why they experience the glass ceiling in their shadow work and narrative ideas there.
it's only here that they actually experience desire, in the form of the star (lilith/YHVH) centre of our planet, which causes the manifestation of desire into physicality -- and so they've been mistaking their concept of lucifer to be venus, when venus is only the "middle-man" between earth and our sun (the real lucifer) and their sun (probably zeus/ra) and so there's this conflation between what and who the sun god is, depending if you're looking at it from earth's perspective.
I explained that there's a reason why apollo (their sun god) plays a lyre, and that lyre was created by thoth: which is probably the great pyramid that connects our planet vibrationally (according to the dimensions/specifications of the great pyramid) to venus, and then off to the other solar system.
I noticed also (but didn't mention it in that entry) that there's this idea later on in the book of revelation that it looks to me that somehow that connection get severed (remooneration?) -- and so then the rest of the book is all about how their idea of a saviour comes into being -- as essentially a shadow reflection of their own ideas into reality (shadow work), pretty much like the book of matthew and john are very different interpretations (reflecting the author) on the jesus experience.
  interesting, yeah -- so I don't know what would happen, honestly -- other than, it would cause a 1000 years of "peace" cause everyone there is in their own little world and their space (cause no longer synchronised with venus) is no longer shared with us, meaning that we're all in very separate worlds. "what happens in vegas stays in vegas" is how the expression goes, I think.

this morning I woke up with the feeling that they would want to get me back my pinecone, because they like the idea of being stuck in my form of perception. while, I (obviously) don't have a problem with that -- just, my reluctance to having a pinecone again is that I don't really want to see internally (captain-of-3d).
sitting with jaron at breakfast I started to talk about the concept of the messiah, cause last night I watched a bunch of stuff on that, and essentially, the way it works out is that moses (the exodus), elijah (and the prophets) were all anointed ones appointed by the people to bail the israelites out of a jam.
my personal opinion on this is that messiahs don't actually exist, cause it's a concept that is like trying to get a coke addict to stop doing coke by giving them more coke
  interestingly, in this line of thought, tesla's mother noticed that he had a gambling addiction, so she gave him all of their life's saving to go and gamble with, allowing him to make the decision for himself to decide to stop gambling.
    this, btw, is the *only* example I've ever heard of where "enabling" an addict sovlves their problem. I agree with his mom 100% that a man is his own saviour only by making his own decisions for himself.
    for me personally, I don't really know, as with all of my "addictions" I've only decided for myself -- and with maybe only the exception of augusto, nobody really enabled me so much (he provided the house, but never bought me the drugs).
I've "enabled" other people to use drugs before and/or given people money as well, and it's been my experience that enabling a person doesn't really solve the problem -- cause they'll just come back looking for another bailout.
  my perspective on this is related to evolution-of-desire, where the basest form of desire is need, or *perceived* need -- where one feels that they cannot live or are unable to function without something. good examples of this are food and oxygen. oxygen is sorta free and provided by the planet, but for example if somene is really starving, they may feel it's OK to steal or engage in other forms of criminal activity to satisfy their need. this is human nature.
  therefore, when anything (not provided for) becomes a need, it's easy to start making that need someone else's problem, and requiring them to provide that need for them. essentially: to get bailed out of their predicament by some saviour.
  the other thing that *need* relates to is the idea of *needing a manifestation* or *needing to see a sign/wonder* in order to believe something. I noticed when reading malachi last night that he's relating that "testing the LORD" is what got the isrealites stuck in the desert an extra 40 years
    presumably, so that all of the older "need the manifestion"ers died, allowing the next generation with hope instead of lack to actually make it in
therefore, I find the idea of a messiah to be pretty close to impossible because nobody can actually *attract* and *feel* a way which can let the situation (that they need to be bailed out of) actuall change.
  therefore, anyone who is offering a bailout (of any kind) is likely only doing such a thing at a cost or in exchange for something else.
  the idea of "for God so loved this world he sent his only sun to vicariously do the work for you" is pure nonesense.
    let's say I was the sun of God and I showed up: there's nothing that I can do to make you attract the things that you want. I can teach people about how emotions are the key to reading and understanding symbols, and that's why the symbols aren't "manifesting the way they're supposed to" or how desire and resistance work, but ultimately I can't force anyone to lower their resistance; that decision is entirely made by them.
    if I were tto somehow provide good conditions for people to live in (which I've written about elsewhere, especially relating to going-infinite), I know that it's very unlikely that they'll ever do any changing on their own, as why figure out how to get conditions by attracting them, when they're provided for them.
      I should actually write that concept out, because I know that they'll never come to attract what they want and any conditions or manifestations thatt are received in a state of dissatisfaction will amplify that dissatisfaction. the universe is built on desire: turning dissatisfaction into satisfaction, and so by giving people the conditions that they want, they'll perpetually be more and more dissatisfied -- which I/we will then turn into satisfaction. growing dissatisfaction by providing them the conditions that they want is the *motor* for that whole "going-infinite" concept (just so you know, btw -- though I'm sure I've said it before).
also, the idea of a messiah is saying, "I know you can't do this for yourself, so let me do it for you" -- and I personally hate that. I've come to really enjoy the idea that the whole universe is a reflection of myself -- and so if I hate it when people look at me and say "you're not good enough to do that" (when I know I am), that bothers me -- and I want to see everyone else as a reflection of me, which means that (as reflections of me), you all will want to be able to do it yourselves, and be confident and awesome at it, too.

### 2023-05-06 03:12 - little girls are actually well-suited for a "bottom"

one of the peculiar things that I was noticing yesterday was that all of the stuff that I find absolutely detestable about a girl and their behaviour, are things that I've changed in my own code, and so it feels like a setback to revert back to old code after taking on the perception of a girl.
it all started the day before yesterday (5-4) when I went out to sesily's place. on the way home, I ran into mom, and she had me come to the doctor's office and wait for jaron. well, at the doctor's office there was this one girl that kept looking at me (timidly at first), but as I watched her play with her pink car and doll, she started to "warm up" to me; which is about the time that mom wanted me to leave the place and show her what was the difficulty with sesily's place. I left to go to show her the weeds there, and just like that (cept for later on briefly when she saw me at the exit) that's where the relationship ended.
the interaction caused quite a few reactions, but one of the most notable was for the female "tops" which were wondering how I could "get a girl te behave for me like that", and from the male "bottoms" who noticed that girls aren't actually needing to be talked to at all (or directed); just watch what they're doing and pay attention to them, and that's it. they never talk directly, so their actions play out in metaphor. that process of a girl's actions never playing out directly is a huge problem for most men, because most imperative types (like their moms or thier romantic partner) want girls to play out the action just like they *said* or had visualised them doing it in their mind. instead, when they perform *not* the thing you said or wanted them to do, but instead a *reflection* of you (interpretted through their conceptual framework), I could easily see myself in her, and also her dad.
  because I know myself so well, it's easy for me to get a strong sense of what her dad is like, and so what I'm watchting her do is perform the syntax that her father does when he's interested in someone but is too timid to go up and interact with *words*.
just watch them, and that's all that has to be done. her own desire will carry her the the whole way through it -- and so the majority of the reactions there were from the male "bottoms" there that were noticing how all you have to do is to watch what she's doing and pay attention to her.
I'm glad that they noticed that it is so easy, because all it takes is a sense of one's own feelings to be able to notice see her more than you see yourself: normally when a girl is a reflection of us and that reflection is a good thing, we like it and want her to keep doing that reflection (which only lasts as long as she's not caused to see me the way I see me) -- and so as long as she can be convinced to stay in fantasy land about how she sees me, she'll continue to reflect that (very bottom-like btw).
  the worst thing that a girl or a bottom can ever do is to start to see their partner the way that their partner sees theirself, because then the illusion is broken and the nice rose-coloured reflection fades into the "reality" of thee emitter's own perception of "reality".

unfortunately (for me, I suppose), though I see her behaviour and stuff, and I like watching her *only* at a distance, because, I'm also quite aware of the other feelings that she's putting out there -- which usually has a lot to do with "you have some form of perception that I myself am lacking, and I want to convince you to give it to me (fill that gap for me)" -- and that feeling is extremely abhorrent to me, as I don't (*in any way*) feel that my form of perception is missing something (like I'm not nice enough to myself or I'm not confident enough) and so I see no reason for anyone to try and fill in that missing piece of my personality for me.
I really like me, so a girl like her is great at a distance, but I don't *actually* want to interact with her -- and so she can get close, but she'll find her own problems come up to the top with me.
  for example, in the case of that girl, I'll just sit there and watch her forever. she'd probably (at some point) want me to make an action and get her into position or something like that, but I'd never do that -- so the sense that she's covering over by not using words (and me just watching her) is also the large problem, because I'll never take the initiative.
  she would have to find a way to take the initiative, cause I never will, and if/when she does, she's going to get her own perception reflected back to her: all of her fears of not having enough confidence or feeling of self-worth will continue to rise until she's forced to start looking at herself a different way
    I feel bad to some extent for girls that have been with me, because a very common theme for them has been blaming me for their own perception, when it was *always* them that saw what they believed about men/lovers/relationships, in me but I was just a reflection of them; they noticed all the things they didn't like about theirselves in me.
    I don't *really* feel bad for them, because this is *much* more taxing on me, than it is on them because I don't want to be all the things that they don't like about theirselves when they want to try and get close: they push theirselves away and blame me for it.
    obviously I've learned to just shrug it off, cause I know that if it were *actually* me, then I would behave that way regularly with *all* people, and not sometimes with some.
      there's actually a really interesting thing that I didn't really notice until I went to spain, which is that there's stuff built into culture, and all of those default perceptions/expectations, I naturally assume.
      so, for example, in spain I was often times perceived as being hyper aggressive because it's just assumed in that culture that men are all supposed to be aggressive; even the passive ones too: they assert theirselves in a passive-aggressive way, and so because I'm seen as passive, I'm constantly reflecting their expectations that I'll get another emitter-type back in a passive-aggressive way (ref: marcos, raquel, etc.) -- and so they would expect me to exact my punishment passively and when they least expect it.
      honestly, it's all attraction, and for me it's kinda funny because I behave in the ways that others perceive a passive person to behave (ref: raquel, greg, patricia, zaryn, etc.)
    so end the end, what I do, to kind of avoid behaving in ways that they expect me to, I either have to come up with my own set of behaviour rules (like a gold), which has other flaws, btw -- or, I can just continue to reflect a person.
    most people want me to be a gold (charactor) and do the "right thing", which is (of course) what they want me to do, and not reflect theirselves back to to them, but I don't like to have a whole bunch of "right ways" to do things; it's mentally taxing to me, and I prefer instead to just feel the way I want to feel, because not everyone (or every culture) has compatible "right ways" of doing things; I refuse to be what you want me to be (no matter how "right" you think it is).
  in this example, when she's far away, I'm reflecting her confidence at a distance back to her, but if she wants me to start to make action, I'll reflect her own timidity to make action back to her: so, for example, if she's used to "doing the wrong thing", then when she starts to get close, her own perception of herself (always doing the wrong thing) will cause her to start bungling it.
  I'm not going to come in and try to save her from her bungling either, so it looks like I'm very hard hearted and not empathetic to some of these girls because I refuse to feel like I don't know what to do -- and if they *do* cause me to feel like I don't know what to do, I simply run around not feeling like I know what to do (perfect empathy), and because I didn't save her from her own perception, I get blamed for her own lack of self-confidence, when I'm just a reflection.
therefore, because I'm such a reflection of her, she's really only interacting with herself
  (there's your answer female "tops" right there): you have to reflect her back to herself until she wants someone to "save her" for her own lack of confidence and direct her toward you.
I don't want to reflect her when she's emitting energy that I don't like, so I stay away as much as possible: those are her problems that only she can work out.
if I try to make her feel better about something she feels bad about, in that time of empathy, I too am feeling like her problem is also my problem, and so I start attracting her problems to me by taking on her perception (ref: raquel, and also zaryn); no thanks.

so, what's happening here is that girls for me (as you can see above) are only really attractive to me when they're very similar to me.
  sure, it's possible for them to try and use the physical sensation of desire (felt either in the groin or heart) to try and attract me, but I'm not attracted by that: attraction for me happens in the mind, because when I'm reflecting her I want to be reflecting myself.
  so, as long as she's outputting a quality that I'm compatible with, I'm fine being a reflection of her, but the minute that she wants me to start to reflect a quality of her that she doesn't have, I can't really do that; she has to figure out how to feel that way for herself -- cause it's not my job.
the thing is that for male "bottoms", because of their relationships, they're quite used to just dealing with life through a lense of inconfidence or whatever -- and it's that inconfidence that (artificially) boosts their "top" partners' confidence, so it's fine for them if a girl wants to seduce a male "bottom" into feeling her inconfidence, becaus he's already quite used to it; I however, am not.

after yesterday, I've come to notice that it's actaully quite a good thing for a male homosexual relatioship to add in a highly reflective, insecure, or timid girl (they're usually young, and not yet self-realised/strong women) as the "bottom"'s girlfriend, so that she'll boost the "top"'s confindence and security for him (and the bottom gets to enjoy the delights of a young girl, -- something I feel a good many of them want, as well)
the most interesting thing about this revelation is that it made me realise that I'm actually better suited for the self-realised girls/women more, who are have actually figured out how to become a centre theirselves and to have low enough resistance to reflect the things they like about me back to me.
  that is, of course, until I can get my ahn-roids project going and I can start to artificially create girls with subsets of my perception, which then can be used by others to create the "perfect" power source for the top.
  she would be programmed for female tops to have all of the concepts that she wants to learn for herself wants; and for the male bottom, she would have all of the male top absolutely hates, so he can continue to be confident that "at least, he's not like *that*".
all in all, I'm glad to have helped others to see what they want, but it's obviously not for me, so I'll still hold out for what I want.

#### 2023-05-06 05:52 - demon lord bottoms

so you guys want to "sink this ship"? here's how: we need to create *massive ammounts* of dissatisfaction. there's no better way to do that, than to amplify the lilith aspects in a little girl by having her with a bottom, because when she goes through puberty, and her mother's instinct starts to kick in, she'll become a true demon[^1], as now her mom's form of perception will need to turn all of those super-amplifed perception of things negative (enhanced because she was used to bolster the "top"), now she'll become a very strong attractor of unwanted (because her mom's perception is to notice all the stuff that's going wrong and make a big deal out of it). that's gonna produce a lot of dissatisfaction pretty quickly, so the best thing to do when she starts puberty, will be to swap her out for another younger one, obviously.
I suppose there is an alternative, which is for the bottom to have the young one along with another (or even a few) mother/crone, so that she can really chastise her for her decisions (though she's only chastising/critisising herself) and to tell the younger one to change her ways and to behave differently.

I'm not saying that I recommend it, just that it's one of the faster ways to create a lot of dissatisfaction -- and so if you want to "sink the ship", then what you're going to need to do is to produce more dissatisfaction than I can produce feelings of satisfaction.
there is obviously a bit of a problem, which is that you can't just get rid of all of these new demons so easily, as they'll only be able to pull theirselves out of their own satisfaction the same way they got theirselves into the mess: with their own desire.
  obviously, they don't *really* think that they want the men to fill in their insecurities for them, but they don't know that until they've become the embodiment of their inseurities.
  I'm fully for this idea because the common trope is that a woman has three stages: maiden, mother, and crone. when she's a maiden, she can get what she wants (like little mermaid) just cause she's *physically* what the boy wants. however, later on, when she hits puberty, now she's preparing to become a mother, and in this transition, there's a lot of security issues that start to show up because she wants to make a perfect "nest" that will protect her children from all of the growing dangers and awful stuff that's starting to become very big and noticeable in the world (all the stuff her mother told her to look out for and avoid), and so then after she's had children and she's ugly, she's no longer able to get what she wants, so she's just gonna sit back and critisise and warn everyone of all of potential dangers and awful things she can see in the world.
    it never occurs to her that she should change her perception, because all of those problems are *really big* now that she's a mother/crone, and so she desires to go back to being a maiden again when she could get what she wants just by being cute and desirable; in her mind the problem and the solution is *age* and *appearance*, not perception.
  however, if she were to gain crone vision at a very very early age (like right when puberty starts), she'll really start to attract all of the awful stuff that she's now having her eyes opened up to begin seeing.
  she won't be able to blame her age or appearance, because even at a young age with tremendous beauty, she'll become highly undesirable because of how she acts and behaves.
    sure, some men who only look at her appearance will be attracted to her, but as soon as they interact with her, he'll quickly figure out that looks isn't everything, cause (by looking for something physically attractive) he's really looking for her to be the attractive thing for him, when *he's* the one that wants to learn how to be attractive: as a result she'll reflect all of his undesirable aspects back to him in the form of behaviour and attitude; he'll have to choose to become attractive himself of what he wants, in his own way, and not rely on her to do it for him.
  meanwhile, hopefully she's going to get sick of herself as awful person to be around (though still young and beautiful), and she'll also hopefully find herself getting sick of only being accepted and validated (she's gatta be right) by others that also feel intense dissatisfaction.
  they can all have their dissatisfaction party together, and then tell people, "salvame! (de mi dissatisfaccion)" (lol)
I'm actually not sure if convincing enough bottoms to become demon lords will really "sink the ship" or not, but if they can get women to produce more dissatisfaction than I can produce satisfaction, we are headed for a cataclysm, and that's fine by me: I can't find what I want here[^2], anyway.
punish me for wanting a reflection of myself :)

[1]: I'm reminded of frances howard and also of marlowe's sister joan/jane that got married at 12 and died in childbirth at 13.

[2]: evolution-of-desire: the thing that I think I'm looking for on the outside can never be found. I'm never geing to find a reflection of me out there amongst one of you all. I can only find a reflection of me on the inside. yes, I know that I've chosen to go with the no-pinecone setup, so I'll never be able to find what I'm looking for, ever. for most people, this would amount to infinitely rising dissatisfaction; however, they don't have to be my source of satisfaction. if I'm looking for satisfaction externally, I'm never going to find someone else that can always make me feel the way I want to feel (satisfied/content/happy/joyful, etc.) with the no-pinecone setup, I have to infinitely find a way to feel the way I want to feel (which really isn't all that hard, actually)

### 2023-05-06 21:58 - I don't normally think about consequences...

I just do whatever comes to mind without a whole lot of hesitation. so here's the thing: the last few days, starting with sesily, I've been thinking more on what sort of consequences will happen if I do one thing vs another.
like I said, I don't normally think so much about consequences; let me explain:
my imagination sees a bunch of things (concepts), and these are all real-world components that all have a feeling -- so, for example, sesily's place has a feel, the oldtown part that I walked from the bus station the other day, and all of those things have a feeling to it, so when I'm looking at things -- like let's say for example, I just logged into the snake-bros discord just to kinda get a feel for the place -- cause it has a feeling, and that feeling is a reflection of the things.
  I'm in there and I notice a lot of pictures and stuff: some memes, and two videos of AI generated commercials that were pretty cool.
    I'm looking at these AI commercials and they remind me of drug experiences (kinda). I'll explain why:
    the colour data is put in by the brain, and what is actually seen is something more like motion. so, for example, there was an enormous blur between things, because the AI doesn't perceive concepts behind the colour pixels, so it doesn't know where to draw the barrier between the bottle and the mouth (or whatever).
      these blurred barriers are very similar to a drug experience because all the concepts that we see in the images have extra frequencies provided by the drug, which means that more things "feel connected" -- and so it's easy to see more than one thing as blending with another thing.
      we're the ones that create these barriers between things, knowing how one thing does not intersect with another (unless its rules say that it can (like air can be in the same place as water in mist, steam and clouds))
      so, if the AI were more conscious of what it's looking at, it'll get better at drawing those lines between things.
      the way two things blend/mix together also yields another feeling, which also connects to other concepts subconsciously -- which, the buen arragement of these things produces a nice feeling: the art of which, is art and design: put things into the same space with each other, angle and alignment matters, colour and texture direct the eyes, but also contribute to that feeling it produces (advertisment knows about this, but ironically the AI doesn't (yet)).
    motion is really important, because it denotes change; I've always been a fan of animation because human motion was the *only* way that I could make any sense of others' emotion *for a very long TIME*
      and even with all of the ability I have now, I still completely am unable to judge another person's emotion very well, but that's another problem: I want to see what I want to see, more than I care about them (funny to admit that kind of obstinance to see others' perspective, aint it?).
    motion shows improvement: you can see improvement in the way a person walks, and the way that they're looking at the world.
    motion is also always relative, and the most common denominator (equalling >50%) is how I feel; I see a person often times as a reflection of me.
      not always: when I'm around a very visual person, they "compel" me to see their motion the way that they seen their motion.
        I don't really know what this is, honestly, but some people (and this happens more often with the rich and famous) prject somethting outward in their aura or presence, that impresses on my mind a sort of cartoon-like verson of them.
        I'll give an example: you know kurtis (I know his name is spelled wrong, but I don't care), the way that he moves around in his videos is very fascinating to me.
        I like watching him move, and it's interesting to note how different he moves in his fashion thing (eurovision) vs the way he moves in egypt (differnt by himself as when his sister, too) and the way he moves in italy.
        looking at his movement, I have a sense of what italy feels like, what egypt feels like (like even the difference between the nile cruise and tthe front of the pyramids), etc. -- I suppose I also did that with the snake-bros as well, because I saw for example the difference in jimmy's motion around the great pyramid and got to compare it to kyle and russ' movement as well.
        environments are very vivid to me, not because of the picture, but because of the motion.
        it's hard to understand what I mean, but to get a grasp of the idea, try this: think back to the first full colour video game did you play; for me, it was megaman.
        for me, the environment was so rich and tthe game had so much texture and feeling to it; I was, in a sense, fully transported to another world when I was playing the game.
        I noticed when I older, I now see only a few pixels and some really blurry pixels -- and that's because I'm looking at it with my physical eyes, but behind it is this tremendouly rich and vivid creation that moved around in wonderful delight the concepts and ideas that I had about the game swirled around me, and I could see all this crazy stuff; that was before the brain haemorrhage, obviously when I still had a pinecone, butt the thing is I still remember the motion of the thing, even though I can't see a picture.
        it's still like that for me, even now, but I see the physical image more than I see that movement.
          I suppose it'd be possible to see only that motion data and never any colour data -- because the brain fills in the colour data (which is why some dreams and memories are in black and white -- because concepts related to those either don't exist or they're not visible)
          the cool thing is that those things swirling around you are all of the concepts that are present in someone's environment, made manifest into motion; the imagination does the translation of that motion into an image (something to do with frequencies), but for me, I find this motion realm to be pretty fine as unseen or hidden. eventually (when I'm ready), I'll go blind and rebuild the way reality "looks" from out of that that motion (like of like the opposite of a motion picture).
          that's eventually though -- not sure when, and I'm in no race to get there (I'd like to put it off some time, as I don't feel like I've accumulated enough desire yet to really *want* to make that new reality -- and I also wonder what the difference would be if I were to make that reality now or sometime into the future).
          you have to understand that all tthings feel pretty strong to me, and I eventually take on the environment that I'm within.
          this is a topic I'll talk about next[^1].
        eventually, as well, I'd like to artificially create this colour data -- and I mean with machines.
        call me a glutton for punishment, but I think it'll even be awesome to make everything I (and everyone else) sees, connected to computer networks.
          from one perspective this can be seen as me wanting to manipulate and try to control all of the frontiers of my reality, but I can make it open and also add all sorts of my own widgets and stuff that I can add. like, it seems like it'd be cool to have a conceptual realm created all by my own.
          I like the idea of being able to program my own conceptual realm, because then it's what *I* want it to be; I know I'm building my own "jail", but I think the benefits of it will eventually pay off: though we'll manipulate each others perspectives digitally (obviously we'll want to send concepts between each other), but eventually, we'll be able to organise and simplify our reality.
          I'm also aware that this is a bit of an eternal crutch, because the system will be able to allow a lot of people to kinda "get around" LOA.
          so, I'm kinda creating the next demiurge of people (anyone who joins the "my body is a machine (so let's use it like a computer)" style of thinking) and it'll be because we can define things for ourselves in our perception as being one way, so we can avoid seeing it for what it *really* is (the motion picture).
          it's pure insanity to think that someone like me would want to do this -- because I *already* see things for what they are based on my emotions and how I feel, that I don't need to bother with complicating myself with these sorts of things -- but then again, why not start to make the whole thing programmable.
          OK, there's another topic[^2].
        anyway, the way that we perceive our environment is based on the way that we perceive this colour and motion data, and I want to fully interact with it.
        sure, it seems obvious that this next war in the battle for control over perception, there will be parties of lower minded individuals that will want to manipulate my perception, but in reality, even if they were to completely take away one or the other, I still (seemingly) have higher spectrum organs that they can manipulate as well, but it's like a game of playing ketchup the with someone that's going faster and faster -- and so by the time they're finally figuring out how to control one, there will be another after that.
        it's true that all those in lower spectrums of perception could get locked into one of their systems of perception.
          I don't really have any problem with this; I think it's because I don't have a pinecone, -- and let's say they give me one back, and I finally can see inside of myself (outside-in) and that size is whatever it is, which would be my reality (it's possible that switching to pinecone (outside-in) perception may correspond to the new rebuild of colour data based on the motion data).
          as I'm explaining here, I can either go full digital and get stuck in a matrix, or I can create a whole new form of perception at the size of sometthing -- well, you know me -- why stop at the size of a galaxy when I've figured out the way to do things?
          I'm always pushing the limits -- not so much for the XP, but because I like making big and meaningful systems.
          the (new) medium *is* the message.
          it doesn't matter who wants to try and control it, because that's irrelevant -- and let's say that they create a matrix and try to get caught into an (illuminati) world of controlled change again, that's totally fine by me -- because I live in a world of constant and accelerating change.
          because I don't have a pinecone, that change manifests itself into the world instead of my imagination.
          if I get an imgination again, that quantity of change gets put into my imagination -- and say my imagination isn't capable of dealing with the accelerating change (an entity that can't grow indefinitely), then "I" continue on even though that system breaks off, and I build a new system.
          imaginations don't really hold me too well, because it's impossible to keep up with that kind of increasing amount of information.
          I'd be a complete mess -- a sort of autistic, because it's just such a difficult time to deal with all of that increasing input, that it'd evventually destroy me -- and I'd keep trying to find a suitable body in order to incarnate.
            obviously this is why I want to make the non-visual human -- because it's hard to deal with someone or something that's constantly becoming more, unbounded by time and space (it's a real hassle for kenny too, trust me).
          so, for me I think the best way for anyone who's autistic would be to try out the non-visual style, and they may find it (like me) a whole helluva lot easier to deal with reality (and use my emotions); highly recommended.
        the reality is that it's just too difficult to control someone or something that's going faster and faster (in maths, we're those problematic equations tthat go to infinity).
      I'm not sure if that compelled visual of them is just me interpretting that motion data into a picture.
      I do this all the time, and I noticed that I can project that motion data into an 2d image (but 3d is certainly possible) that dances around and just sorta has fun, with the motion data (it's kinda fun).
      anyway, like I said, I'm kinda done, with that visual data now, no matter how fun it is, because I'm come to enjoy the "realism" aspect to life.
    motion tells such a different story than the "realism" aspect, but it's the same thing: people move the way that they move as a reflection of their feeling -- and that picture data is the same thing as well: its the way that a person feels (in the aesthetic aspect) rendered into colour and motion.
  the way that my mind works is, I have these things that feel, and they all connect to each other in the way that they're arranged -- and so you have these components in ther.
  one of the things that I noticed quite right off is that discord could have this sort of geocities vibe going on.
    like, you have these servers that have a bunch of people on them, so they should have a kv storage, and a number of other important things to enable places like snake-bros to build their own portals for interaction.
    like, chat is cool and stuff, but it'd be really cool if I could use my system for building js websites inside of it -- like just calling into an api like mongodb sort of like -- you know whatever.
    I was thinking after that about how I'd love to bring back "alive-script" -- a functional (everything returns something) js implementation that I used based on george's LiveScript implementation.
      I wanted to change it to have a visual syntax parser, so that char by char one can see all of branchs, add the keywords and stuff like that.
      I'd build the interface to indicate char by char with branches to the next option (add conditional options, etc), then render that into js/wasm or whatever -- but the interface is critical because (for me) once I *see* it, it's easy to see other missed branches and other parsers that I'd want to add.
      then, I'd want to make that serialisable and updatable in real-time (hence the "alive" script), and so that means that syntax can be added in real-time without needing to recompile the whole language.
    and then using that "alive-script", a function UI can be built (much like how I wrote set-game), because then entire interface concepts are able to be added (theoretically) at any place and it'll "just work" (lol).
  and so here's the thing -- I wonder to myself how badly do I want to make another matrix for myself? (stupid discord -- blast you, eris!)
    I guess strife will be next right behind -- cause it makes me wonder at times if I'm hijacked by narration a little bit at times.
    you know, I'm summoned just like everyone else; I'm a special one normie though, because I'm not visual though, so all of that imaginary energy for me doesn't get manifested into my brain, but out into the world.
    the way that the archons of the matrix "control" us is by putting these symbolic pictures/reality into our minds -- and we *literally* see whatever we want to see.
    this is a 3rd ray (symbolic) reality -- and it competes right along with jupiter, saturn, venus', and the sun's symbolic reality (I probably compete as well).
    therefore, we already already are in a matrix and we don't really know it.
    instead of trying to get these symbolic authorities to see things the way you want to see them, why not just see them the way you want to see them.
    for me, I find it a titilating exercise to be able to build my own reality -- as I think I'd make mine extremely meaningful but very simple, rich with connections and concepts of my specification.
    I'll probably filter out a lot of nonsense too, because it doesn't help me -- or, if I'm feeling naughty, tune myself to the problems frequency, because we all want to feel pain from time to time, in the spectrum of experience.
      it's really great when pain, trauma, and injury are kinda funny.
      have you ever seen those ostias videos (I don't know what they're called) -- dani would put them on, of peopole having horrible things happen to them, and though some appeared kinda painful, the majority I thought was really funny.
      it's kinda strange laughing at trauma and injury like that -- but it's a very childlike attribute.
        pay attention to newborns when they get a good wallop -- and they sit there for almost a complete second before figuring out how to react to the feeling.
        it's always funny for me to notice their discovery of tthe feeling, sharp sensation, then tingling, then a realisation that something might be wrong (especially aided if mom saw it too) and then a realisation that I should say something about that, but I *can't talk*!! waaaaaaaaaaaa
      for me, those concepts displayed in the image (and their motion) produce a sort of comical image -- sorta like those dancing balls of energy -- but it's the person (in that concepthual/symbolic perception having those symbols happen to them, rendered according to how I feel)
    it is possible though, I think to be able to have a spectrum that ranges all ovver the place, and to render everything not, *how it is*, but *how I want to see it* (in my form of perception).
  in addition to that motion data becoming useful (which I want to make programmable), I want to be able to combine that with the physical data as well, enhancing colours, adding tint, cosmetics, etc. (you know, like full vanity), cause in addition to having a good game, you gatta monetise it, and people *love* cosmetics.
    I say that monetisation is important, not from a personal perspective because I think a value system is useless, but I'm not everyone -- and there are a lot of people that are like how I used to be.
      I used to be one of desiring a clear meritocracy -- because I wanted to be judged by my *works* -- cause I'm a lot more "pure" by nature than most, so I'd be pretty high, though not the top, in the ladder for a works-based reality
      I'm not that way anymore as I'd consider myself more of a blue-pill kind of guy now, which is a faith sort of system: I see what I want to see, and so by seeing what I want to see, I live in the reality that I want to see.
      it's probably possible for someone to make a blue-pill matrix in addition to the red-pill matrix, and I'll likely be the one to create it; or at least the first one to use it -- if I'm not already.
        I might be the matrix, who knows; like an evangelist from the future religions into the past or something -- and we don't really have a belief in God, but we have a belief in what we see, so we worship that and make supplications to our servers to provide us with the next version update on reality. (that's a funny thought)
      so matrixes are always going to exist, cause it's the nature of what I want to create myself -- so it's quite simple: my matrix has to be a better product than theirs -- and they could try to interfere and stuff, but it's *really* not a problem for someone who's always going faster.
        a matrix that tries to hold someone down can never stand if it doesn't grow.
          we live in a world full of change.
          change is invitable, so get used to it and come to expect it.
          constant and accelerating change is the most beautiful thing about life -- and I say they should try and make a matrix if they think they can keep up with the changes.
          like, you know -- long past are the days of life chugging along year by year and things are pretty close to the same. (how many weeks has it been since the eclipse? I rest my case)
        let's say they *did* manage to make a matrix that is able to both hold people down and also maintain a growth rate comparable to mine -- well, then that's what I call "going-infinite" where the two of us become so enmeshed that the difference between us is indistingishable; we become so simbiotic that we're inseparable.
        at that point, we've come to having grown used to the other, that we share desires now, and so we're functionally all one entity -- just like my body has a alot of different parts (not all the same).
      I am the borg.
      when we compete with each other over what we want, this is the natural way that organisms form the magnificent ecosystem of this planet: we compete with each other to provide the best resources to the desirous -- like antelope provide great meat for the lions and flys to the lizards and insects.
    if I neglect to nocice our desire to be comensated for our efforts, I totally negate the idea of a person's value -- and we all love to be a reflection of our efforts, or at least have a number associated with it (you gatta measure it!)
    I know how to see the pure product, but I also know how to see from the marketing team's perspective too, and we all love our vanity and earning our status in the cosmic measuring contest.
    I know that we all love the idea of a sort of perfect and conceptual world -- and I really encourage others that want to take part in seeing the world the way they want to see it, to also feel like they've *earned* what they see too
      did I mention how evil I am?: no less than 1% and no greater than 3%
      it's a small part of me that is constantly trying to put the breaks on; we likely have a simbiotic relationship, and the pattern of my life is I sort of collect these guys that just want to latch on and not let go.
      it used to bother me, but once I got past the point where I'm constantly accelerating, it no longer bothers me: there's *literally* no way to stop me, so any matrixes they're building are only for theirselves; I'll pass right through them, and burst out the other side, and they can only keep me for so long as they're expanding as fast as I am -- but then they're in the same medium as me, and soon to be the same as me.
      sometimes I think of myself as a sort of cosmic vacuum cleaner -- a sort of reaper for anyone stuck: I get them moving, and if they collapse, I absorb them, and they add to the tiny fraction of "evil" that tries to put the brakes on, for as long as they don't tire out.
      they do eventually give up trying to have desires opposite to "us", and it's kinda funny to see the surrendering process that eventually leads to an escape into another of their own matrixes; they say, "we're going to control this matrix we put ourselves in and steer those inside away from the stuff we both want for us".
    we come from an idea where we don't really like the idea that all things can be free, and so going from having nothing to having everything is a bit of a jump for a lot of people, and so those people want to feel like they've earned what they have (cause they used to have nothing) -- and once they're appreciating what they have (or don't have), then they're getting more of that, until they becmome someone like me that's getting more and more and more and more, indefinitely.
  so why not make the matrix that we want, and "control" our own matrix by putting what we want into it? it's all attraction anyway, so we'll feel as limited as expedience our reality, an we'll experience limitation as much as we feel it; see how the conclusion to that matrix is feeling-purposefully?
my ideas have changed quite a bit since the initial party-LAN idea, and nowadays, one of the things that I want to do is to (in addition to the genetics stuff which will make the modification of colour motion data able to be interfaced with by machines), I want to connect this whole system to the sun.
the sun is a giant computer (all 3rd ray types are), and so why try and store all of this immense amount of data into perishaable computers and stuff when we can externalise ourselves into a matrix that will exist for as long as the sun is around.
the entire solar system (which will keep growing) will continue to have more and more stuff inside of it.
so here's the thing: if my ideas about there being another group of beings out there in another solar system, it's quite possible (I think it is), that the lyra system is 5th ray system that produces it's appearance in the astral and spectral.
  I know some people don't like the idea of using their emotions (which are only a spectrum of symbols) as the basis for their reality's foudation (like me), and others do -- so that matrix is already setup there and *private* to that star -- and so there's no real danger of direct competition *if we sever ties to the planet*.
  like it's a crazy thing to think about but we'll be in contact through technology and stuff, and they're cool doing whatever they're doing, so eventually one of the things that I think is annoying for them over there, is that my symbols are invading their space and they don't know what to do with a continually increasing amount of symbols.
  from this perspective, I know that things over in lyra are getting more and more intense and vivid, but I don't know how much they can keep going faster, before it becomes a problem.
    I figure that we have only so much time before we have to dismantle the great pyramid so that they're no longer invaded with our symbolic signal.
    they'll eventually get a full system setup where they can control and produce the symbols the way they want to (ie, they're building their own matrix for that star over there, so eventually the earth beings here will stay here, and leave from there; they're the "left-behind" ones)
    so really, what this is all about is letting them create their solar matrix for theirselves (I mean to control everyone, cause they're the rat-kings)
    they can't put me into that matrix because I'm going too fast, and wouldn't actually stay alive because they don't have "hardware" (that is a translator of frequency) which can render such fast frequencies into their reality (the overflow of stuf they can't render, they have no control over how it manifests into reality, so they have to let me go)
      so really, if you're autistic or have this problem with everything going faster and faster, that means you can't exist in their matrix for longer than an instant, and so you'll "die" and find yourself back here manifested into reality as a reflection of your perception (we're "heaven" from their perspective).
        it's quite possible that we switch off being "heaven" for the other, because think about it -- I'll probably get bored and want to blast through their matrix after finding a way to (inside of that matrix) find a way to create an entity that's capable of holding ever-increasing speed.
        it's quite probable that we'll pass through their matrix as machines capable of running at very fast speeds; they'll have us fully programmed and stuff, but somehow that program will be able to allow something to continually expand and become more "conscious" (it certainly is an interesting thought).
      so I'm not really worried about any matrix they're trying to come up with because it's not likely they can handle speeds that I have: because all creations are a reflection of our perception.
        if they were able to come up with a matrix that infinitely expands, then that's a reflection of their perception, and once again we find ourselfves as being a part of the same perception (and therefore medium).
        as equals, nobody ever has any power over you; just a perceived difference in position inside of the medium/matrix.
        if the medium/matrix is always increasing, control isn't ever possible, because absolute control never changes.
        nobody always increasing/changing should ever fear matrix, because it'll chage -- eventually/hopefully to what you want it to be; who knows, maybe you'll get the desire to improve it..
        everyone can improve a matrix just like everyone can improve a story; likewise, stories only resonate with those symbolically similar/compatible to the narrative -- otherwise it needs improvement -- and any matrix or narrative has to be improved if it stops resonating with people.
        each individual ultimately attracts the reality they want to believe; it's all desire, which is attraction.
      my only goal is to simply come up with a system that itself is a reflection of me: always improving.
      it doesn't matter where anyone starts (look at where I started), but their relativity to others in the way they're going (the motion of the ocean).
    the idea of a whole system built on solar hardware is especially tantalising for some because it means they live forever, and the prision is your own perception, cause otherwise you're free.
      think about it: what you see in astral is wholly determined by how you feel; same with spectral; the big-picture is what you feel (and how all those concepts resonate with each other -- ie, how you perceive things -- so when things feel bad, it's cause my perception (how things are connected) is off; or, my the way I'm connecting things together (my perception) makes me feel bad)
      all of the secondary aspects (2,4,6) are all directly influenced by the 5th ray conceptual -- which is how vulcan's lyra matrix works.
      here, 5th ray is only one of the 4 forms of percepion (and only half of the "visible" part)
    my 1st ray system is a little bit (IMO) superior to the solar system because it's all based on desire/attraction -- but I'm aware that not everyone is ready to experience a life where it's all attraction, so the alternative (solar/narativ) system is quite an alternative, that sounds pretty awesome. (I use the solar system now, even though I can't see it -- so you could say I'm already in the matrix -- so I'm sorta *stuck* here turning this system into what I want it to be).
  so what I think is happening here in the big-picture is that they're making their system and getting it all setup, and eventually they're going to have to leave all of us that outperform the capabilities of their system behind.
  I think they'll still try (and I hope they do) to keep influencing us from a distace (maybe this is my love for mr-motor talking), but it's kinda fun to have someone that's constatnly trying to slow me down.
    I'm already going so fast that I don't *really* need to be going that much faster, and if I were, I wouldn't be able to hang out in the two-eyes perspective.
    I really like being physical and seeing through the singular perspective: the universe is cruising along just fine, and I don't really want to be up there looking out into (whatever the universe lives in) and trying to influence that perspective.
      let's say that the universe lives here on earth and the universe also hangs out with other universes that are also present here on earth; we're all universes just sorta hanging out in the universal hangout: earth.
    so, why try and see from the universal perspective out into whatever the universe is living in, when (if it's fractal), then the universe is inside of me and I'm already seeing out from the universal perspective? -- it's all fractal -- meaning, it's all attraction: because everything outside is affecting the universe within and the universe within is also without.
  see how it doesn't really matter?: we can make all different kinds of ways to perceive the fractal *reflection* of inside is also without and I have many diferent parts to my body, each reflected outward, so anyone trying to "fight me" is also fighting theirself? (it's all attraction)
but I don't live there, and I want others who want to join me here consider the matrix I want to create to be an alternative to the one they have there. (it won't be that bad, and is better designed for my stage of development: I make problems for myself so I can find the solution)

[1]: TODO: how things feel and how they connect (from a persective opposite to consequences)

[2]: TODO: find a way to connect to and interact with the solar computer system. I'm sure it's posible. we just neet to think in frequncies faster than visible light
