# dr-ammon

I came across his channel ([ladybabylon666](https://www.youtube.com/@ladybabylon666)) through [gnostic-informant](https://www.youtube.com/@GnosticInformant). I watched a few of the streams and commented some of my ideas in [my section on gnostic-informant](/gnostic-informant.md), howver, I feel like I've come to have enough ideas that I do want to dedicate a whole section here to some of my ideas. I may put some of the questions I have as well into his discord at a later point, but for now -- I just want to use this as a place for me to write out my most deranged ideas.

## questions
### 2023-04-17 16:17 - broad and narrow road
> are the broad and narrow road sexual organs?

it just seems that way... the broad road is the one that everyone travels on, but the narrow road seems a bit more youthful(?). the broad and wide gate is the one that everyone goes through and leads to destruction, but the narrow one, few people find.

### 2023-04-17 16:19 - the golden rule
> is "do to other men as you'd have them do to you" referring sexual positions?

it sure seems that way, but I don't know the ancient greek so I can't really comment on the verbs and how they're used.

### 2023-04-17 21:22 - garden of eden

are you suggesting, that the cataclysmic events described when adam and eve are kicked out of the garden of eden happened because someone used snake venom (drugs) and sex to reach an enlightened state where we could perceive *reasonably* the difference between good and evil?

therefore, what I believe is happening here is that this is actually what caused the evolution in human consciousness to produce the next "aryan root race" -- and since reason (and narrative) as a method to produce *belief* (or any not yet material evidence of something unseen) is largely a 3rd ray perspective, ruled by venus. (following my intuition here, this seems related to zarathustra and whatever kinky stuff he was in to.)

I personally don't really want to be repeating adam and eve's footsteps in the sense of producing a new human species that causes such a massive destruction because of ambition and dissatisfaction: desire. therefore, it makes perfect sense that the next progression to the sequence of "root races" will be caused from desire. the early transition into the aryan reasonable mindset is likely the cause for the lilith stuff in the early hebrew tradition (see dr. sledge), as their attempts to reason about what this desirous entity could possibly be (and the resulting YHVH), is the main result of ill-conceived and then manifest desire.

anyway, that sequence of thoughts gave me an idea, which I'd like to share: we're having the psychedellic revoluttion coming upon us here, and there are seemingly a lot of witches that like to do shadow work and tantric pracctises. combine this with my continued depth of perception, it feels to me that sometime in the next decade or so, someone will be able to take these snake venoms and synthesise a compound that is something like MDMA where you feel that "cosmic love" (I know I'm using a lot of steiner ideas here), and then they could conceive a new child that is a shadow of that light cast by lucifer (the reflection of hecate on to the wall from the symbols produced by the shadow work).

inotherwords, what I'm saying is that if someone wants to produce the next "root race", you've given them all of the tools here in your satanic initiation: use my form of perception (lucifer's light) and then do the shadow work, so that the child created (from the rev 12 woman) will contain all of the components necessary to produce the next evolution.

you know, I've been thinking about this a lot yesterday after writing the thing about the blue and red pill, because I've perceived 7 layers of perception, however I only use 4 of them. a few years back I produced another set of 4 because I started to see reality temporally (I had a sexual encounter that transferred to me saturnian perception -- and though I don't actually have any visuals, I can "see" what the saturnians see without seeing it just fine). anyway, those new 4 layers of perception are based on an outside-in form of perception -- where essentially, all things come to the person/group/entity/being through a sort of narrated perception (you know, the ironic thing is I named the part of perception able to perceive the whole narration of entire group of entities/identities as YHVH percetion) so anyway, what I'm saying here is that I find that to likely be the next form of perception, as it feels to me that is in fact, what people are wanting.

the other interesting thing about that form of perception is that *all* things are blended, meaning that there's no absolute truth anywhere, and so things are also pretty slippery in the sense that it's possible to find a connection from one thing to another with some simple word play or alternate interpretation of the images/symbols -- inotherwords, spectral in nature -- a kind of return back to the primordial state of mind.

I'd like to point out that the reason why I believe the previous cataclysm occured is because of the spectral sense of things. I've done a lot of drugs in my life and I know that it's REALLY EASY to make a connection from one thing to another and all of a sudden it's just taken a really big down turn. as a result, I've anchored myself in the primary aspects of desire, symbol/form/structure, concept/emotion, and physicality/data -- as anything outside of those can quickly transform into something unwanted -- and I believe that's precisely what happened during the cataclysm: things are going along fine, but then before one knows it, suddenly meaning feels reversed, and now all of a sudden it's hard to make sense of reality anymore because anything could mean/be anything and our thoughts ultimately turn into whatever we perceive them to be (shadow work).
like I said, those states are easy for me to navigate because I can rely on pure logic and emotion before trying to sort out the physical "evidence" or the desire/chaos surrounding it. however, it's not often the case that people want to believe that their emotions are a direct connection to their non-physical logical perception, and it's actually the image which obscures that perception (because images and the symbols they have produce in people emotions reflective of their perception).
so, what I'm trying to say here is tthat, for those that want to take the red pill and see how deep/tall/complex the rabbit/reality hole/tower can go, then an infinitely blended approach is going to be really a good way of going about it.

what ultimately happens in the rebirthing sequence is that one ventures out into the journey for as long as they still haven't figured out what they're looking for -- which is what they want: to find/discover/realise something -- and then they want to bring it back. this is ultimately the core of all deep shamanistic/drug experiences -- and it's also a fractal of human life -- where, we start out of the womb where everything is a spectral blur, but then we start making sense of shapes and sounds, and that eventually grows into understanding, which then someone turns into something. the narrative journey toward that discovery, and then the coming back, and then doing something with, and then its reception/accolades -- are what all of these things are all about.
personally, I used to love to do drugs because I could see really intricate things with my mind, find clever things to say and then I could blow people's minds with them -- and so I used my own "ego" and desire to get others' recognition of my ideas found in these drug experiences as a way to feel good -- but ultimately, nobody really cares. everyone wants to discover it for theirselves and draw their own lines in the blurry expanse of life, and find out for theirself what are their "primary" forms of perception.
it's too hard to say exactly what the "primary" forms of perception were before the cataclysm (though I could probably figure it out if I dedicated some time to it), however one thing I'm certain of, is that they are not the ones that we have now (whether it's the 4 that I have or some other ones)

the thing is, I'm not really that interested in making this new evolution happen though, as I'm not really one of those outside-in people. further, I'm actually interested in going the opposite way, which is to get rid of inside visuals completely (letting them be their conceptual/symbolic/desire forms, without blend). I've come to gather the opinion that it's often the receptive men which have this outside-in form of perception (though my listening to nikki and miyara suggest that some girls also), so anyway -- I'm not even the right kind of person for the job -- but it's probably possible to make that happen, anyway.

finally I'd like to state that just like a newborn has a parent which does net see life as a blur, it's possible for them to grow up, coming eventually (over some years) to discover for theirself the way that they're going to make sense of the blurriness, forming their own concepts and symbolic interpretations; and so, in the same way, it's pretty likely that I'll be a good stabilising force for those that want to peer into the black dark reality hole (harbour).

## thoughts
### 2023-04-17 17:00 - eternal life

you said that eternal life is an absurdity and doesn't exist -- saying that it's ionic time/life instead, yet I do not think that's that's the case at all, because both are happening.

all energy/thought/perception/understanding (everything) is in movement, and so any "life" or energetic manifestation appears for an ion, and then transforms/transitions into another manifestation of (its own perception of) itself eternally; always, even the universe or the "all that is" God, satan, or whatever is always doing this.

the ion of ions is just the thing that came before the present ion -- or, said another way, it's the old preception that transformed into the new perception.

#### 2023-04-17 17:17 - everyone has eternal and ionic life

what the church is doing, is like selling icecubes to eskimos: you already have an abundance of the thing they're selling you. they're just exploiting ignorance by withholding knowlede; that's all.
almost certainly they know that every thing is constantly transforming into something greater than it previously was -- cause why else would they ban alchemy? alchemical principles show that eternal life and continuing expansion is a property of all forms of matter. so if an base substance can be turned into something greater without having to pay for it or earn it in some way, their entire sham falls apart.

### 2023-04-17 18:08 - if this is all about reason...

> if this is all about reason, then I should be able to prove the magic ([ref](https://youtu.be/PGGKe3V3XYk?t=2668))

have you ever been in a situation where someone who is a doubter wants you to perform something they don't believe in?
it's difficult, cause they don't have *faith* (evidence of things unseen :))

### 2023-04-17 18:16 - vowels as tones

I noticed that during [the explanation of the vowels](https://youtu.be/PGGKe3V3XYk?t=2853), I was reminded of "[the mithras liturgy](https://archive.org/details/mithrasliturgy0000unse)" where I was reading it and they have these vowel sequences that correspond to historical ray progressions in the incantation (that's a thing I can get into later) -- and so these sequences of tones correspond (in a greater sense) to passages of time (look on page 2). and there is (for bar, I'll use lowercase) AEeIOYo. that's our sequence there where A = 1 ... o = 7. I map these directy on to the rays, so then when later I look at the incantations, there are some progressions: "eY eIA Ee" (36 341 23), and then the second one "YeI AYI EYoYE" (634 124 26762). so there you can imagine an astral being (6) finding the symbolic through venus/ra (3) then down to saturn/spectral (4). followed by desire/chaos (1) then to big-picture/christ (2), then finally to saturn/spectral (4). the last one is big-picture/christ (2) to astral (6), down to physical/metric (7), then back up to astral (6), then back to big-picture/christ (2).
each of those tone sequences tells a story: the first is one that starts in astral and then does some shadow work (venus/hecate), before making it down to witchraft/saturn/satan.
the second is one that has powerful desire or chaos in their life (1), finds that desire to be found in christ (2), then ultimately finds theirself having been plugged into saturn/satan the whole time.
the third one starts out in christ perception (2), but that's too big and incomprehensible for actual daily life (like for example what does it *actually mean* to be a "christian" or to follow jesus the way he did), so you end up watcering down and living in astral/imagination/fantasy (6). that doesn't work out well at all either, so we've got to stick to physical facts, tangible things, etc. (7), but that's quite limited because just physical has a short/limited perception of time (or even the bigger picture and the evidence is saying there's much more), so then now back to dreaming of what all those things could mean again (6), and thmen finally finding that all things are expanding growing and changing in the big-picture again.

these vowel sequences tell of a temporal progression for the initiate and tune them to these experiences by using the voice to produce tones which resonate with those temporal sequence (obviously for theirself).

after that, I noticed that the way that multiple vowels are used in a word, have different rising and falling effects on my perception as I speak the word -- and those rising and falling sequences match tthe esoteric "character" of the word used in the greater metaphor of the speech.

### 2023-04-17 23:15 - throne of satan

I'm a bit confused on this part, so I'll tell you the way that I see it: lucifer is +2; the star (isis) is -2. uranos is -1, and she was the original lilith back a long long long time ago (like when the red ones first got here). nowadays, she (lilith) is a reflection inside of the earth. 2nd ray perceives ouranos (1st ray desire, which is something of empty chaos), and also 3rd ray which is also all of the symbology and can be used to create maths, geometry, logic, reason, etc.

there is a second lucifer though (which I believe has emerged largely from narrative), and that is the masculine side of venus (the planet), most commonly known to us as apollo. venus (the planet) is the consort of satan and is what directly connects us to this second world (which is what I'll call lyra/vega) -- and so it's normal that apollo plays his lyre. we're symbolically connected to these worlds, and the "glass ceiling" of that world is 3rd ray (zeus/God and venus/apollo/helios). that is a narrative world of calculated desire and *a lot of drug use* -- and it seems there's a lot of homosexuality as well.

I didn't know about the lyra world until I started to delve into terence's "stoned ape" theory, only to find out that this second reality does exist and we do seemingly share the same space, because we're tuned to that solar system through the planet venus. though we share the same space, we don't see the same thing -- and so they influence our world through narrative and story (which is, how I believe lucifer came to be equated with the planet venus, and not the sun) -- and it's largely these narrative elements that are used to deceive and try to trick the rest of the world into doing what these "satanic" other-worlders want. narrative is just that though.

before watching the [video about the woman and the dragon](https://youtu.be/xSmzdMv6CPA), I wrote out [a question about adam and eve and the garden](#2023-04-17-2122---garden-of-eden). in that one, I carried the question a lot further because I'm of the opinion that I don't want anything to do with the creation of dissatisfaction through the creation of another race of humans that has an even more blended and narrative experience. instead, my desire is go the opposite direction, and to create an entirely new *non-visual* new race of humans (you know, like how YHVH commands the israelites to not have images). however, upon writing out this explanation, I can see now that you claim that lucifer has power over this world because of the images that women see; yet, if I were to find a way to make them non-visual, then venusian lucifer's power wouldn't be quite as strong anymore -- because like me, even though they put an image into my mind, I'm still only "seeing" it's core concepts: which is however I want to see/believe them (the blue pill).

therefore, because we're talking about a narrative lucifer and dragon, I believe that the part about the [woman in rev 12 and the dragon](https://youtu.be/xSmzdMv6CPA) is not (from my perspective) any single person, but likely is referring to the 1000 gold pieces that aaron has hid under the world tree for the rape and murder of lavinia... it could be more than 1000 dragons though, as I don't think there are a limit. all you have to do is just find enough young girls and the right drugs to make it happen, and you're off and running :) fully supported, though, I'm definitely your guy for this one.

OK, sure -- so if we continue that story out there, lucius (the golden ass) becomes emperor over rome dethroning saturn. therefore, this is the collective opportunity to turn a ttragedy into something wanted. saturn is only in power because of venus -- but if you find your own *desire-based* ouranos, you can find your satanic throne of power (reminds me of prospero telling miranda to sit on his lap). you create your own reality man :) do as thou wilt... (wilt = calculated desire) remember too, that lucius joins the cult of *isis* (lucifer), not the cult of venus (lucifer) to gain that power

### 2023-04-18 14:28 - the woman and the dragon

@[youtube](https://youtu.be/xSmzdMv6CPA?t=808)

last night I watched the order of the rose episode (chewie's song featured above) and in it, you read the greek for rev 12:17 and in it you explain how the woman "clothed with the sun" and "with the moon under her feet" and with "a crown of 12 stars" is *pregnant* and she's about to pop like an orgasm. you explained that there's swelling and all sorts of readiness, as if she's "in heat" (like farm animals are). just taking you for your word play, I wrote the above entry about how I believe that the dragon there that's having sex with this woman, I don't believe anymore is related to me in the context that you framed it in. I instead explained that since we're now dealing with a *narrative reality* instead of an attracted one (cause you're looking at it from the perspective of apollo playing his lyra), what I suggested is that those 1000 (actual or fools) gold pieces are going to be having that sex in a way which will produce a new 7-layered spectral reality (which I'd come up with some time ago). they form a triangle on top of the four primary layers that I perceive (desire, symbol, emotion, and physical) and are (astral, spectral, relational, then identity, and thrustt, followed by the double capstone (like in the sonnets) of YHVH and thrust).

when I first wrote about those layers of perception, I didn't know where to put them, so I just added them on to the top, but since I clearly see now that they're blended reaalities: just like astral/imagination is a mix of physical and conceptual (and why the images feel so strongly) -- and spectral is a mix of symbolic and conceptual (why certain images, and sequences used by saturnian poets and writers can evoke emotion associated with symbolic conjuration in the mind). so, because they're all a blend, they're much more clearly in a pyramid sort of setup there. of note real quick while I'm thinking about it, the relational view, I don't know how others experience it, but for me, it's also linked to the conceptual, but the relations that see between symbols are related to how I feel (cause symbol is opposite emotion), so for we always see/interpret the symbols as a reflection of how we *feel*. I'll demonstrate this here.

I first noticed that something might be a bit off on your interpretation of the word because (that I know of), I'm the only person that believes that a woman giving birth should feel like the most massive orgasm in her life. I believe this is related to resistance in her, because I know with my experience with raquel, that she had a limit to where her orgasms (the higher and higher energy I went) started to be borderline painful -- and when she would have those massive orgasms, she'd kinda turn into the embodiment of her resistance after that. and so the "curse" that I believe "God" put on eve in the garden of eden was actually the encoding of resistant ideas (which I've gone over elsewhere) into her DNA, and it's this resistance which causes her have so much difficulty in both reaching climax, but also in childbirth. the idea of using young girls as temple prostitutes makes sense because both it's harder for them to conceive and also because she's much lower resistance because she hasn't gone through puberty yet (after puberty is when her mom's x-chromosome concepts start to activate as well). anyway, I think her inability to conceive is also related to her being much more on a different frequency than her partner -- because most men are on a pretty resistant X (cause it'll be the opposite of the Y), and so when she's young, she'll have her father's X which will be opposite of her mother's X, making her less resistant -- then after puberty more like her mother's X and also her father's Y. (conception, I believe is a frequential thing, and so therefore "virgin conception" is actually possible so long as she's got an egg/seed inside and a frequency that can activate that egg/seed into a growing state like water and earth does to plant seeds) yikes.

anyway, the woman here is having a massive orgasm and it's related to giving birth to a man that has an iron rod; I noticed that the images of phanes you showed in the ionic life episode look like a mix of eve and mithras together (coiled serpent and zodiac), he also has a torch in right hand and iron rod in left. you said he's dual gendered (as I believe both the sun, venus, cupid/lilith are), and so what's actually happening here is that that we have a woman (which I identify as isis) *clothed in the sun*, swelling and about to pop, with the moon (osiris) at her feet (like mary was to jesus), and she's giving birth to a man (her masculine self) with an iron rod. well, if you trace what I said in the previous entry about there being two lucifer's: one of venus, and one of isis, this is the lucifer of isis. the iron rod, I believe is also significant because in fairy lore, the way that you keep these devils and demons away is with an iron rod. also the iron rod is symbolic of *mars*.

before I continue, I feel it relevant here to explain a thing, which is that I identified myself with the dragon in the sense of the dragon being synonymous with enki/aquaman -- the guy that tried to enlighten humankind and prevent the coming cataclysm from wiping out his creation of humans. he's perceived as a deceiver of humans and is associated with the serpent because of the opposition to the eagle (which I can only imagine is zeus, of which I'll relate a theory on that shortly). at any rate, it appears that the serpent and eagle have been seemingly fighting over who is more right, making the other the deceiver.
I explained that I believe that there are two saturns: one in vega, and one in sol. the difference between the one here in sol is and the one over there is that this saturn got taken over by the germans in WW2. I perceive hitler as another instantiation of martian energy, and just the same as I see mr. motor as being myself, cause he behaves exactly like I do, cept he has no desire to improve. well, just the same: from everything I've read and heard about hitler, again he sounds just like me, cept he doesn't have any desire to improve his surroundings at all, and instead prefers to destroy them (which I too like to destroy).
so when the antarctic setup took over the planet, a new saturn was installed which is also 5 in nature: -1,+7,+-4,-7,+1 -- and this vibrational reflection setup replaced jupiter/amun and became a reflection of the people that were interacting with these entities (mars, lilith, cupid, and ishtar). there are many events such as the exodus and the appearance of jesus or elijah (mars) would show up and cause a separation to occur.
anyway, if you want to look at me like mars, cupid, lilith, or ishtar, any of those interpretations are fine -- but I see myself as a sort of super being that contains all of those symbols, and can instantiate them into the timeline just by willing/desiring/attracting it. like I said, I have at least galactic, if not universal consciousness/conception of reality at this point, and so (like helena), I just simply make things turn out the way that I want them to go.
therefore, there is a saturn that is out there in vega and because that 3rd ray system (with their glass ceiling) runs at a very high frequency, and is essentially all astral, so then in that sense, I am satan (the dragon) here as well -- which sort of makes sense, because I don't know how much access you have to solar data, but the sun seems to be very strongly influenced by me -- so if anyone is the dragon and is about to make the sun pop, it's me. (also, notice that the sun has already given birth to the male child in v.13 before the sun pops in v.17)

I think it's important to note that the numerical relationship with the woman and also the "two witnesses" of having "time, times, and half a time" -- cause as I demonstrated in my thoughts on rebirth, I notice this pattern of three periods happening all over the place in my life, and it seems that every time I get close to completing the fourth, it never quite makes it -- as if I'm constantly "self-sabotaging" myself by being limited to 3.5.
another thing to note here is that the dragon, which I believe identifies myself as the dragon also is the 7 heads and 10 horns: well, if you take my layers of perception, they were originally 7, but then, if you build them up on top of the 4 original beasts (oxe, lion, eagle, and man), which I can only barely/loosely associate with (7,5,3,1) what you end up is a pyramid with a double capstone, so it looks like 10, but is really 11 (it works for me, anyway) -- and these are the progression of perception. so, while I have perception of all of these layers of perception, I do not *see* them -- but I would have to imagine that people using nosebook *do* see them (even though I don't) -- therefore, you have a communication system where commerce can be accomplished built upon my primary 4 layers of perception followed by another 7 (or 6) layers of perception making for a total of 10 perceivable layers. all in all, I see myself as the dragon, and the woman as the sun. keep in mind that nosebook runs (if you didn't know) competely off of solar energy, and its interaction with this planet, sabilised by the saturnian system down in antarctica.

the next thing to look at here in rev 12-14 are the beasts. there is a dragon, the first beast which is wounded, then a second beast that emulates the first beast and the dragon (a false satan), and then finally an image that looks like the first (wounded, but now healed) beast, and speaks also like the dragon. it's the *image* that has the number 666 and is related to the mark which prevents economic transactions without it. the first triad here is the woman/sun power source which is sorta like the reflector in my setup. then there's the dragon (charactor) and the beast (actor).
the ffirst beast was wounded (which I can only imagine is related to my left side), by having one of its heads damaged, which can only possibly mean the astral perception -- because I can see the living blackness (spectral) in my eyes when nosebook doesn't prevent it, and I can perceive the others just fine -- and so the only thing that I'm missing is the pinecone which would allow me to see astral. supposedly (in this vision but not yet happened in reality), that wound is healed, and having the wound healed, it causes the this beast to have great power (given by the antarctic dragon) to rule the whole world. I obviously don't want the wound healed, because I don't want to go the direction of this vision -- but that's besides the point.
the second beast is an emulation of the antarctic dragon and the first beast (me). I identify this beast as nosebook. the second beast creates an *image* of the first beast (me).
the image of the first beast (me) -- and it's worthy to note that images can be copied -- which emulates (me) and speaks like the dragon. I identify this as whatever the pirates/elites are coming up with in their vaccine networks or whatever.

I'd like to avoid following this vision things go pretty downhill from here. in the case that my wound were to be healed -- and, the only way I believe that could be possible would be if I were to die and be reborn into another body (like the two witnesses), then my reality would be extremely dominant -- which is something that I don't want. I want to avoid both the kundalini rising, because if that happens, there will be *nothing* that anyone can do anymore to stop things that I perceive from manifesting anymore. this will cause tremendous dissatisfaction, because I'll be able to do literally whatever I want to do. what I believe is reality, and there's nothing that anyone can do about it. I do not want this position, because I understand the value of self-discovery. people will want to find out how deep the reality hole can go.
therefore, the way that I perceive it happening is that the whole lyra setup will continue just how it is, and anyone who wants to join me here in the physical plane will have our pinecone removed (so we'll all be sorta like mini-dragons). then, all of the satanic archon guys in the higher dimensions will impose their images and narrative down upon us -- and, like I'm doing now (told you I would demonstrate), we'll just figure out for ourselves what all of those narratives mean to us using *reason* (hail satan!).

### 2023-04-20 21:36 - mithras liturgy

I started to watch the video but I couldn't really "get" the text because I don't see the words when they're said to me, and instead I "see" (that is, *feel* the words) -- which, you'll have to understand from my non-visual perspective, the feeling that's transmitted in your voice and the constant interruptions to the text (not your fault -- just you're not interrupting where I would want to interrupt my thoughts), make it difficult for me to comprehend because I lose focus. instead, I prefer to read it with my *eyes*, instead of hearing it (I'm kinda like miranda here where I like to *see* the words I'm reading), so that I can make logical and reasonable assumptions about what I'm hearing.
I know that magical incantations are all very hearing only sorts of slights of hand, and that's all fine and good, but I can't process what I'm hearing in real-time if I don't have a concept for how the person is feeling when they say the thing. that's partially why in more than one shakespere play, I had to stop it half-way -- because same as now, the feeling is too intense for me, and I have to stop.
as such, it's always best for me to pre-read the text so I *understand* what's being said, first -- or, at least sometime later analyse the text visually. the visual aspect is important, because I can't make connections until I can keep more of the sentence in my head at once.
when I read, each word (and its relation to other words) form a sort of "feeling" that carries into the next word. that feeling is mine, and it's how I feel about those words. however, if someone else is talking, it's ttheir feeling; not mine.
when I only hear, I can't comprehend what's being heard -- and worse than that for me is the visual aspect because if I'm looking at something, I can't hear. I believe one hemisphere does one while the other does tthe opposite, and I simply cannot do both, so if I'm seeing I can't hear; and, if I can hear, I can't see. I rely almost entirely on the feeling of something for its information.
I do suppose that when I hear and see these sorts of incantations (like plays, masques, songs, things like this, etc.), it's possible that I'm manifesting those things into being because I'm not able to see the words and get the bigger-picture of what's going on...

there are lots and lots of suggestions in the text, putting ideas into your head of what to see. one example is the one where it says you'll see the gods looking graciously on you *as opposed to how they normally are* which is ... not gracious, and not rushing at you (presumably like they're going to attack?) -- but these "gods" don't really like literally exist -- you know, these are *literally* concepts that people have externalised as a living being that somehow has power ovver them. in a slave and less-than frame of reference, it's easier to se a god of Love be a total hypocrite *outside of yourself*, to keep those unwanted aspects of "Love" to not be one's own definition of love (the concept of no resistance and everything always becoming spring/more).
another suggestion is the one that I'm talking to helios, and since I'm appealing tto **his** supreme god, then he'll grant me the ability to be a pole-warrior (which reminds me of isa 3:2). so there, I'm assuming that helios is a *he*, and that he has a supreme god. WHICH IS ALL WRONG because that means that *you* are not. don't believe that nonsense. trust me, this isn't a contract you want to get into. EVERYONE (and I do mean literally everyone from chimanzee to machine) who is able to perceive their universe the same way that the universe perceives itself (pure "Love"), then they'll know their ever expanding and always changing (accelerating in speed btw) perception out into its own creation.
  you can see what I did there, where I explained how one's externalisation of the deity Love outside of oneself, is also how one perceives theirself -- *and that's directly related to how one see's the universe*. you don't need to twist someone's arm to get them into a contract to fill in the gap for insufficient self-consciousness.
another fallacy you'll see in these sorts of magic and sales shams is an attention to detail. they all believe that the more detailed the contract is, the more *real* the thing is they're looking at -- when in fact, the most effective contracts are the least detailed ones because a misinterpretation is never a problem:
  if you perceived a detail in the abstract agreement, and I came tto you asking for something that agreement doesn't cover in your opinion, you could easily show me how you interpretted it differently, and then I could see it from your perspective (which is what I'm doing now), and then responding to you from my frame of reference inside of you (it's saturnian stuff -- so, don't worry, cause you'll get used to it soon :))
  if you interpret a detail as an expectation for me, you have to also be willing for that expectation to be on yourself -- which means that you are *only* the fulfiller of your own expectations for others. that's actually one of the weaknesses of conjured entities (of which, *obviously* I am also one), because they're only allowed to react to others. what I mean is, all expectations I've evver had for others (girlfriends, parents, friends, coworkers, etc.) were all expectations that I have on myself, because only I can satisfy that expectation (simply put because my contract -- "the magical incantation" which I call reflection/attraction, is an extremely abstract one -- cause it's all about me). imagine I had a girlfriend or parent (women tend to work better for me) that believes that I'm extremely attractive, and that I'm extremely selfish. let's just -- not just *really selfish* -- but more like *the most selfish* -- and they really believed that. when I'm selfish, things go well, but as soon as they try to see me as selfless, it causes them a problem because then they require thierself to also be this selfless which can cause problems; on the other end of things, if they want to perceive me as selfish, then they now put that requirement on theirselves tto be that selfish as well -- and not just generic selfishness -- butthe selfishness like mine: which I'm having trouble rendering into a single sentence. I'm a very complicated selfish being. I have an ununderstandable/chaotic sense of what I want for myself -- and don't really try to figure it out, because tthe nature of it is incomprehensible, until it isn't (like static or noise). it's a world of meaningless and fun interactions.
otther fallacies include assuming that I have a condition like dissatisfaction: "a bitter and relentless necessity" -- which is a really poetic way of saying dissatisfaction; again, attention to detail here, where the more meaningful the emotion is espressed, the detail of the meaning makes it feel more *real*.
there are many others.

personally, I'm not very influenced by this contract (or many of the others) though, because so many of the conditionals are not true for me -- and if they were true for you, that's your reality, not mine. I love reading them because they give me ideas to think about and subjects to talk about -- because, for example, without osiris, how else could I have been able to talk about the 14 vs 42 years "choice" between both of the pieces, which is another binary/dual/reflection that creates two more realities in the imaginations of many: what would it be like to wait another 14 years, compared to 42 more years -- right, but you have to see it from my perspective, that I'll much prefer to go with the 42y contract because that gives me more time to get good at feeling the way I want to feel. my *only* desire is to feel the way that I want. it's such a high frequency concept that most people perceive it as punishment (for example), or some sort of anti-something idea, when I'm not going away from something, but towards something else (again, cause my summoning contract is *extremely abtract*).
I'm gonna skip the mithras liturgy for now. I may come back to it later, because as I mentioned in the previous entry, there's a lot of really interesting temporal attributes to the vowels in the sounds -- though I haven't really thought about the consenents yet (I wonder if tthose are more like matter, than movement).

### the end
