# dr-angela

### 2023-04-09 01:13 - satan (the concept)

@[youtube](https://youtu.be/_0A8evr6hOc)

I started watching this video (not finished) and I noticed something in the very beginning when she talks about satan being a sort of amalgamation of "various advisarial roles" -- which, while writing that, made me notice the phonetic similarity to "advise-ariel" -- the most important thing there is that "advise/advice" is usually a constructive thing that we do when we tell someone they *should* or *shouldn't* do something. in the end, it's this advisarial role that we also do to eachother that can be seen as having similar results to this "satan" concept.

the thing I originally wanted to pointt out is that we commonly see all of our enemies as being outside of us in the old testment -- YHVH being concerned with destruction of population groups as the main advisaries and threats to the isrealites. however, in the new testament -- and this is especially true in matt 5-6, it's pretty clearly starting a trend toward reflection saying things like "measure for measure" and "mental adultry is the same as physical adultry" (paraphrased, of course). inotherwords: "it's all in your head".

to talk about the role of satan (saturn) as a construct of our minds, I would like to talk about hecate: I just watched the other videos on hecate, and you talk about "shadow work" -- and when you said that, the plato's cave picture popped into my mind. lucifer is the light or fire (prometheus), and he's illumiating hecate, which are the symbolic representations (reflections) of the practitioner's mind, and that those symbols/archetypes are of a higher dimension, however, they cast 2d *shadows* on the wall -- and if you've made shadows with your hands, you can make your hands look like a bird flapping its wings and other shapes. for a goddess that is can reflect your own symbolicc interpretation of reality (your myths and beliefs) on to the wall, the practitioner isn't actually looking att their own beliefs and myths, but the *shadows* that they cast.

so, for example -- if I believe that all men are know-it-alls and they like to butt in and try to take over (just as an example :)), then hecate will cast shadows of that nature on to the wall. the practitioner will then look at these shadows, and by focusing on the shadows, they'll begin to attract reflections of those shadowss into their reality. this is the job of satan/prospero/saturn, in the matrix we call time (or the spectral).
satan, is just manifesting those shadows that hecate casts into our perception for us, so that we can (in turn) attract (in time) a reflection of our conecepts (feelings) into reality for us.

### 2023-04-09 01:33 - lucifer and isis

yesterday, I [casually mentioned lucifer and hecate](/the-manifestation.md#2023-04-08-1705---top-down-vs-bottom-up) because it was fresh in my mind from the lucifer video you made [which inspired more writing last night](/contemplations-with-myself.md#2023-04-08-0132---seventh-star). I made the assumption that lucifer is +3, because I've always associated lucifer with apollo and venus (therefore, naturally, he too should be +3) -- however, after thinking about it all day today, I believe I'm incorrect in that assumption. I believe lucifer is actually +2, not +3. I wanted to try and explain this idea a bit better.

I have to start with hecate/venus though -- which is a -3, witch means that she's going to be a backwards reflection of your own symbols: meaning that what you attract from her symbolically, you'll be perceiving the *symbol*, but in reality what she's going to reflect back to you is the *concept* -- and the reason for it is because in physical, unless you're talking about math functions, no symbols are pure. you demonstrate this in the video on lucifer there by showing the bi-directional resonance: for a story/myth to become popular, it has to resonate with the practitioner/viewer, and also by using/interacting with that symbol, then that symbol/myth starts to become more real for you. therefore, in the modern perceptions relating to lucifer and hecate, these are actually symbols that resonate with the viewer -- and so therefore they are somewhat accurate of the resonating audience's average perceeption of reality, and unconscious desires.
the symbols that appear to us in our myths are what the storyteller or viewer is putting together in their brain, which means it's largely influenced by cultural and societal/religious perceptions of those symbols (which I'm sure you're aware of), and so these symbols are *calculated desires*, and not the actual desire theirself.

now, let's compare the difference between hecate and isis -- who, will similarly reflect your symbols back to you -- and, by isis, I mean the sun. the major difference here is that isis does not guarantee perfect reflection. for hecate, if you see yourself as a maiden, mother, or crone, any of those can be reflected back tto you -- however, isis will be a whole lot more optimistic with what she reflects back to you -- not showing you who you *are* but who you *really are* (without all of the physical stuff). her shift in perception takes into account all of the things that have seemingly "gone wrong" or didn't turn out quite right, and sees those same things, not from a physical perspective, but from a permspective that includes what I've called "desire" -- which is something kind of illustrated in the book of job, which is where lucifer makes his debut: where all interactions that produce destruction additionally have an esoteric "not physical" component to them, which -- if you're able to not look at the physical symbols of chaos and destruction, yield a doubling of the measure that was lost.

it's probably pretty difficult to see things from the isis perspective here in the physical, but when looking out into space, there seems to be an unbounded amount of creation happening; far far more than the destruction, anyway. and the way that works is because -- though the matter or energy seemingly disappeared from the vantage of the physical, that matter has turned back into energy, and/or energy has shifted into a frequency that is no longer perceivable by us. the energy has not gone anywhere at all; in fact, it's double what it used to be, but outside of our realm of perception -- and so therefore is "hidden" or kept a "secret" from you; meaning, it exists, but you don't know about it.

### 2023-04-10 07:27 - lucifer and isis (part two)

I'm having trouble sleeping because it's that time of year again (spring) where I seemingly have uncontrollable kundalini rising if I try and go to sleep too near to the sunrise -- so instead of laying there getting jolted back awake every few minutues or so when it's going to rise, I'd rather to try and complete this idea. I don't have it fully thought through, so ... it may be a bit rambly.

last entry, I talked about isis in relation to hecate but I didn't really talk about lucifer (oops). anyway, just as apollo and diana are to venus, so do I see that isis and lucifer are to the sun. what happened when I started to look at the 1st-3rd rays, is that when they go from non-physical to physical, they seemingly split into two parts (or is it the other way around?). I don't have it all figured out yet, and when I was [trying to figure it out the other day](/sepehr-thoughts.md#2023-04-06-1721---echo-and-narc-issus) I was getting confused there as well. I can see something there but I don't quite understand it yet. the way I could see it is that because non-physical is backwards, for a female, when she's receptive, she's (from our perspective) emitting, and then that for the emitting action, it has the opposite polarity to it, so masculine -- meaning that you could imagine that the sun is receiving our 2nd ray energy, but the emissive part would be the physical aspect of light and solar wind. so,  I noticed lucifer also contains the symbols and feelings of prometheus as well. man, I'm really not feeling writing this at all right now. I mean, it's pretty obvious that I shouldn't try and force writing it or anything -- so I think I'm going to go eat breakfast or something... bye! sorry to drag you into my problems.

(not at all happy with what I wrote, btw)
