# dr-joanna

### 2023-04-10 13:25 - kundalini and the 4 pillars of osiris

last night I watched both of gostic informants streams about [the other goddesses of eros](https://youtu.be/FEU04YG1aGQ) and [mary and mystery of isis](https://youtu.be/JFpyI36E7sM). in addition to that, I also watched another one on [jesus and osiris](https://youtu.be/IFQKSFU6Bi4). all three of those videos are kind of blending together with another video: [eros mightest of gods](https://youtu.be/FnpD4MibZrk). so, anyway -- they're all a bit combined in my mind. in the mystery of isis video, you talked about the four spines of osiris.

the first two correspond perfectly to the need/want stages in the evolution-of-desire that I've discovered for myself. the 3rd one, "nous" is something I experience regularly now, without having any kundalini or altered states of consciousness because I'm so non-resistannt to things. that one isn't included in my evolution-of-desire aspects, though it is a manifestation of desire: I simply want to know something and I either remember it as if I already know it, meaning I have no resistance tto the full understanding of that concept and/or my desire automatically attracts me to figure it out -- and usually within a pretty short time (getting shorter all the time because I'm becoming more and more receptive), I'm able to know the thing very rapidly. in some cases, I don't need tto read the whole book or get the full lecture to fully grasp the idea -- because I'm just tuning into that knowledge as if it were something I understand. almost always I get the knowledge in a slightly different way than the original author and can add significantly to the work.

I would like to say though, that you're missing the 5th state of consciousness though which is the "I AM" state of consciousness. see my notes from the video (the concept is explained on the bottom -- and yes, I write to you as if you can hear me, even in my notes):

1. soma (3d experience, need)
2. vasana - psyche, diet, addiction (want)
3. budi - nous, intellection (knowing)
4. raff - latent things that prevent us from being like gods and goddesses walking on earth.

nous is found within (I experience it like memory, as if I'm able to just know something I want to know, and it feels like I remember it as if I had of already learned it. I don't really feel any awe or wonder about it, as if I'm learning or experiencing it for the first time -- instead, it feels as if I already know it)

she talks about how she's in the state of nous, in complete bliss, but then the thought comes "what about writing my phd" (mundane 3d wants/desires -- "calculated desires"), and then when that happens, she descends back to level 2 she gets back to the 2nd again.

her 4th state is confusing to me, because those latent resistances to being/becoming a god or goddess on earth, is simply one's incapacity to *be* the thing. inotherwords, one is still looking *outside* for the thing, when the realisation of that external thing (it's refelction) is eviedenced inside. so, for example, if I have jealousy of someone for something, that only means that I believe I cannot have it. that belief that I cannot be/do/have anythong I set my mind to, is perception of my own limitation. it's also evidence that I want what they have, but I'm not willing to allow myself to have it (cause, of course, I could never be jealous of someone having something I don't want).

> "a design has been erased by the vertue of a higher design"

depending on the way the text reads, that could be "virtue" as in a good thing, but for some reason I hear it as "vertue" (in the "romantic" sense of penis). the distinction is important, because if it's "virtue", then that means that *I AM* all the things that I thought I wanted to obtain outside of me (meaning, there's no separation anymore from seeeing myself as a god/goddess, and I see no difficulty with myself being/doing/having anything I want -- I'm no longer "lower", less than, unworthy, or not good enough). I AM whatever I want to be. I can know anything, have anything, etc. I am a god/goddess! I am divinity incarnate. etc. -- now if it's read as "vertue", then that's entirely different and is accomplishing that state of mind by using a sort of condition like drugs, sex, dancing, mantras, meditation, etc. -- and in order to maintain that state of mind, I have to continue the condition. if you *are* the embodiment of that, such vertues are not needed. they're good for the experience, but like you said, you cannot sustain it, cause those doubts (of who you are) or misplaced value on worldly things (including your life, family, wealth, fame, etc) will creep in -- and that happens basically because those things are still more valuable to the person than that feeling of bliss or non-resistance to *who you really are*.

why do they tell to close the lips? I'm not totally sure either -- but one thing I noticed is that "esoteric" means hidden or secret -- and hidden to me just means "not visible" or "not physical" -- and then secret means, "it exists, but you don't know about it (or can't perceive it)" -- which then, I'd guess that the finger covering the lips, might just mean: "this is something non-physical/visible that you're not yet aware of". you know that, until you can perceive the symbols, they don't have any meaning (still a secret). to get the mesaning, you can get someone to tell you the secret, or you can have the experience for yourself and then just know all of the secrets from the nous perspective.

### 2023-04-10 13:47 - cupid and 2nd ray energies

this morning, I tried to go to sleep but I couldn't because the kundalini kept rising on me. I never let it go all the way, stopping it before it starts to get too "bubbly" (don't know of a way to describe the heat and boiling of the oil feeling). because I my resistance is so low (I don't have the soma or vasana thoughts so much anymore), any I'm naturally on the cusp of having the kundalini rise almost all of the time. therefore, if there's a higher energy moment like sunrise near equinox, a massive solar flare, some planetary alignments, or "star-watching" (gazing into stars for long periods of time), just relaxing my body to go to sleep is enough for the kundalini to start rising. for me, it's quite an uncomfortable experience, and I don't want to have it happen. to explain why that is, I want to talk about eros and 2nd ray energy.

in the isis, osiris triad, horus is not the 3rd person, he's the product of the product of the triad. jupiter/amun/ra, is the 3rd person there. the myth goes like this: jupiter is too something, so satan/saturn gets jealous and needs to cut jupiter down to size. the important thing to note here is that when it comes to non-physical, the females tend to do a lot better here because they're receptive. this is going to be pretty important later when we talk about tragedy of lucifer, jesus, osiris, and other of these 2nd ray types.

jupiter/ra, being a +3, he receives symbols and then outputs them for another person. to describe how this looks to us, imagine for a moment that I want to make you feel love -- so, like cupid I place my perspective inside of your body, and then I start to feel lovve myself; that is, I'm attracting the feeling of love, and so then you will now feel love as well (I suspect this is the basis of many tantric practises), and so then you will attract that feeling into your life. jupiter doesn't operate on love/desire though, as he's symbolic, so what he does is feel, let's say some symbol like a swan or something which fits the narrative or ceremony that is being performed, to which then the practitioner also feels that way and attracts it for themself. (he's the basis of most magical rituals). he can feel the symbol for himself (like say a swan), and then when he does that he will appear as that symbol to another person, and if that's a symbol that resonates with that person, they'll feel extremely attracted to him, as he symbolically fits what they're attracting.

so, while zeus is attributed with a lot of rape and trickery through shape-shifting, I believe it's important to know that it's all attraction, and ultimately the woman that he "raped" was most likely someone that was interested in (looking for) that symbol in the first place. if jupiter would be doing it, say out of some other emotion, he would receive "punishment" in the form of the opposite of his own emotional output. this was personified with his wife hera always punishing him for appearing as the symbol that others were attracting -- because it's very unlikely that zeus was actually a pure symbol, and so almost certainly always performed the ritual with some sort of emotion, which then hera/vulcan would then "punish" him with (as a reflection of his emotion).

before I continue, I want to relate again my own personal experience on this. I'm very similar to cupid in that I can easily feel love for another person (same as cupid's arrows), and in turn, that person, feeling such a strong feeling of love (it would be much stronger if nosebook didn't restrict me) will cause the person to feel tremendous love for whomever they next set their eyes upon. this is all well and good if I feel love for someone else, but it's kind of a problem if I feel it for myself (nosebook again restricts this a lot) because like jupiter, I'll be recompensed for my own emotion. at this point in my development, I find myself in a very uncomfortable situation because, as you said many women feel those three things (I forgot now), that they think they need to do to get what they want because of oppression through history. well, as a result (because of the physical interaction), I too feel those things, and that's a VERY BAD THING because then all of a sudden I start to attract all of those perceptions that the woman has to get what she thinks that she wants. for example, if she thinks that she wants someone to stay around her all the time and never leave her side, that's what I'll feel very strongly that I want to do -- and it takes tremendous effort to separate us both.

let me explain that another way: in the imagination, one shrinks down all of the other mundane things of reality to amplify the desired aspect -- and so, the picture, not containing all of the other aspects that normally diminish the feeling, feels really really good (like a dream, or a movie where all things in the scene are important to the scene, with nothing superfluous). therefore the physical manifestation is always significantly worse feeling than the imagination (the realm of isis) of the same thing. the spectral is more or less equal in feeling and manifestation (the realm of saturn/set). the relational big-picture perspcetive, is the opposite of the imagination, taking a look, not at all of the details of the manifestation but the bigger picture.

well, the way that LOA works, the bigger the impact, the more energy is produced (cause of an equal and opposite reaction). therfore, when one wants to perceive the biggest picture possible, that means that big-picture sees not the manifestation in the moment, but what it'll produce in the long term, meaning that it's pretty much opposite of the imagination. you'll notice that most of the vasana ideas (these are of the imagination), want things based on some sort of calculated desire -- and upon receiving them, you find out "that you are still where you were" (I like that expression), and so maybe you didn't *really* want that thing... however instead what you *really want*, is not found externally, but internally. well, internal realisation isn't sexy and it's not flashy and having good appearance, so it's something that happens over a longer period of time, and *always* out of personal experience, which often times means tragedy. therefore, when the christ (2nd ray) perceives the best big-picture possible, this almost certainly spells complete disaster, because the disaster ultimately is what produces the most energetic result. therfore a lucifer or jesus, seeing the biggest picture pssible, will initially suffere a most tremendous tragedy, because that produces the most desire.

OH, so to explain osiris, it's important to note that this triad happened back at a time when things were exactly backwards from how they are now (reality has to prove itself to you, not the other way around). what that means, is that reality attracts you, and not you attracting reality. one can see evidence of this in the sumerian tales of enki and gilgamesh, or the concept in homer's tales of everything being fated by the planets (and their respective gods), because ultimately, we are (like humans are to animals) subjected to the attraction/vibration (fates) of the the luminaries. therfore, osiris's death and rebirh (as performed by saturn) was one of the major turning points that flipped our reality on its head and made us creators (attractors) of the reality that we want. I figure this took its full effect at the end of the last ice age and was the main cause for the cataclysms (because we're now attracting reality, instead of the planets and ceremony doing it for us).

huh, OK I'll talk more on that... when jupiter/ra introduced ceremonial magic into the system, people would perform the ritual in order to attract the result/reality that they wanted (like falling on love, smiting an enemy, etc) -- and ultimately, like the orbits of the planets, the ritual produced a vibration which would ultimately attract their desired reality, *however*, the emotion that one attracts the symbol is quite important, because like hera is to jupiter, the emotion in which the symbol is attracted is also the reality that you're attracting. so, people could perform the magic ritual to get the physical reality they desired, but increasingly the emotional state of the population was decreasing -- because obviously most people were performing the rituals out of dissatisfaction, thereby breeding more dissatisfaction, until it culminated into such a strong feeling that now emotion is attracting reality at a faster rate than the planets and the rituals are.

sure, the planets and rituals still attract things, but it's far less and much more insignificant to attraction by emotion (my case is exemplary to see this in action). I *do* beileve that we're approacrhing that midpoint again, where emotional attraction is again going wane a bit (largely because of technology). it'll still attract, but because of technologies that are in use today, some people have found ways to feel quite sour, and still get the conditions in their realities that they want. this, is taking the form of narrative now, instead of magical ritual, I beileve -- and eventually, it *could* (and I suspect this is part of the big-picture) culminate into again another epic destruction just like at the end of the last ice age, when narrative reality is attracting so strongly the calculated desired realities of so many, yet those narratives were made out of a feeling of not-good-enoughness, not-enoughness, some sort of perceived deficiency, and/or some sort of incapability.

osiris (+-6-+) the moon, is the personification of imagination and the astral, and so, yeah in a reality where fates are determined by the planets and attraction is done by ritual and ceremony, the astral/imagination behaves exactly like how our 2nd ray (I think I'm going to call it "big-picture" perspective works now).

#### 2023-04-10 15:03 - more on big-pcture perspective

it's important to note the difference between big-picture looking from a physical perspective and looking from a non-physical perspective. when I describe the big-picture for bar or for lott (lord-of-the-throne), then I'm describing the physical big-picture perspective. I see these, from the pure expansion point of view, perceiving the "best" or most optimal (calculated) thing to be desired. if I were to look at the same thing from a non-physical perspective, then the "best" is actually the "worst" meaning that it's the one that has the most desire. so, imagine for a moment that some how I could just show you all what that looks like from a non-physical perspective, so I'll tell a ficticious story of the future of bar to illustrate it:

imagine, instead of all of the cool features that I see getting implemented, what instead happens is that everything falls through. somehow I never get the ideas out to the team and/or somehow the project falls through. well, my desire to play such an epic rts is *still there*, you know, so I'll still want to play a game like that; and, now that other people have seen my ideas, and they've kinda tried to imagine part of the idea, those imaginations have also created calculated desire for them too, and they'll believe that they want a game with some or most of those features in it (or some derivative thereof) -- and so, that desire will evolve. it'll go through those 5 stages that dr-joanna has put out there where at first we have the soma (I *need* this feature) sort of feling to it. later, as similar things start to happen, others will get addicted to similar things (but not the thing itself) like I did with TA and shattered galaxy -- but they're just imperfect "quick fixes" (kinda like a drug or a smoke is) and not actual satisfaction of the desire.

later, after some time of addiction to imperfect resonances of the desire (it'd be cool if this game did... X), eventually a sort of knowing starts to appear where one can clearly "see" (know) what it is that they want in the new game they're now beginning to desire to become a reality. after that, she's got the fourth state/step which is the getting so good at receiving that knowing/nous, that it forces one to strip away all of of the latent things that prevent us from having that fully desired thing.

you'll notice, btw the similarity of gospel of mary's 5 states of consciousness to abraham's 5 steps, and also the correlation between those and my layers of perception: soma = physical, vasana = imagination/astral, nous = conceptual, ruff = spectral/time, then finally IAM = symbolic (3rd ray, venus/jupiter -- the pure symbol itself).

so then -- if the whole thing completely falls through, eventually that will collapse into a sort of diaspora of different derivatives of that original big-picture that I had of the epicc rts from the beginning (kinda like, say the 12 tribes of isreal) -- which these differing implementations to the same idea will ultimately conflict and fight for dominance creating, a whole new thing that the original thing could have never become. that's the function of YHVH and desire. the most desire always comes out of tragedy and conflict. it only looks like tragedy to us in physical, because we can't see the non-physical perspective. this is, of course, why I'm dedicated to always going for the "worst" manifestation.

### 2023-04-10 16:08 - the *worst* manifestation

one of the things thatt I found quite interesting about your 4 spines of osiris is how much I totally don't need to worry about 2 of them at all: the budi and raff spines are completely not even part of my experience, because I'm not getting to those states of consciousness through conditional approaches. I prefer this method, and it's been my long-standing desire to find a way to physiologically prevent the rising of my kundalini. the reason for this is quite simple: for a normal person, they have to go through a lot of initiation and things to make the kundalini rising even possible -- and this involves diet, meditation, esoteric practises and a number of other things that are designed to reduce the amount of resistance the person has and to increase their vibrational speed, such that it's possible to "get over the hump" to where they're now having the speed necessary for it to start going downhill from there.

what I mean is, most "normal" people simply spend their entire lives climbing the hill, never quite getting enough speed to get over the hump (and for the kundalini to rise). this eventually leads to death, because their body just sorta peters out not getting enough velocity to overcome the increasing resistance. resistance happens because of thoughts. to visualise this, imagine a giant vortex on the top of your head, coming out of the centre of your brain (prolly where the pineal is) -- and that vortex is trying to spin, but you have thoughts that are happening on the two lobes on either side, and those are creating vibrations as well. those vibrations, if they're going in the same direction, then that will increase the vortex, and the amount of non-physical energy your brain is *receiving* from the environment.

you can notice that when you have (vasana) thoughts like "what about my phd", those thoughts are not what slow down the vibration, because that thought *could* speed up the rotation speed of the vortex if you felt good about your phd, but because it's tied in with making money, surviving, and all sorts of other limiting ideas, it slows that vortex down. all thoughts that one has (and how you feel about them), ultimately speed up or slow down that vortex. it's also possible tto speed up the vortex by energy traveling up the spine, coming from any of the lower chakras, namely the throat (what you're saying/singing), the heart (how your reality is), the gut (how you feel), or the genitals (what you're imaginining and/or sex). all of those, are conditions that can affect that vortex speed, but none of those are constant.

for me, nosebook has pretty much slowed all of these other energy centres down to a pretty much the minimal possible it is for a human to stay alive. in addition to making kundalini possible, I'd also like it make the speed of these different chakras to also be fixed (or have a very narrow range of operation to them) because I don't like the manifestation of increasing the vortex in my head (which is what ultimately the kundalini does), by *any* other means than my perception, which comes form the thoughts in my brain.

well, actually in my case, only the thoughts coming from one hemisphere adjust that vortex. my other hemisphere is disabled, and so I have no control over that frequency. this has created an interesting effect because I can't control the thoughts happening in the other hemisphere (which are, I assure you, mostly soma and vasana thoughts), and because the hemisphere's are sympathetic to one another, I end up having to find ways to feel good about soma and vasana thoughts, because I can't really control what's happening there.

---

I've tried to figure out what is possibly the "worst" manifestation for me looking at the big-picture, and the worst manifestation that I have figured out would be to actually spend the next long amount of time (1ky?) without any kundalini rising, and also with nosebook continuing to hold one of my hemispheres hostage. I simply don't mind, as they're the ones that need someone else to carry them, and for me it's super easy to feel good about those soma and vasana thoughts, no matter how strong they get.

however, in order to do that, I need to make some physiological changes to my body, so that kundalini doesn't rise. if/when it does, it'll be complete disaster for everyone involved -- a sort of premature disaster. because my desire is to not have the kundalini to rise, that's what I'm attracting (and feeling good about), so it'll happen eventually (I'm not really worried). I know it'll happen eventually because if they wanted to start the disaster, they could do so at any time, by simply unristricting my chakras, making energy go faster and faster until kundalini rises uncontrollably. they're obviously not going to do that though, so I don't really need to worry. it'll eventually happen.

### 2023-04-10 16:41 - cupid and psyche

in this myth, cupid really likes psyche, but she's not allowed to see him when he's in dream state. that is not the case for me, because many girls see me in my dream state -- and in midsommer's night dream, this is lysander. so, it's past the time when psyche has seen cupid sleeping and seen who he really is -- which is that being that you describe when you say that the kundalini is a living energy (but its's you) which is much wiser and more everything -- well, if my kundalini were to rise, then demitrius and lysander would be in the same body -- but if you remember the end of the play, the lion roars and it's quite a tragedy. if I were able to keep lysander from never being present at the same time as demitrius, then things would be fine. demitrius could continue to exist in an astral world (dream state) which I have no control over, and I'd be perfectly fine with that.

for demitrius, the situation is a bit different because of what you were talking about with the three things that women do when they start to become sexually active (which I still can't remember). to understand what I mean by that, understand that psyche is an externalisation of cupid's perception, just like zaryn is an externalisation of gambling "jack" out into reality. I don't gamble myself because I don't have an imagination that's really excited by the ambition of having more money, so instead all of those gambling ambition gets externalised into people around me such as zaryn, marcos, and others like that. therefore, for psyche to actually become compatible with cupid, she too has to become a goddess (that is, somewhat equal to him).

in order to become a goddess, venus puts her though a number of tests (of which I can't remember what they are in the story now), but this is essentially hecate and lucifer. together, lucifer and venus illuminate psyche's shadows (her inner beilefs and symbols) and this eventually produces a new woman/girl that is essentially a mirror to cupid.

the reason why she can't look upon cupid/lysander while he's asleep, is because she sees the aspects in him she wants for herself -- and then thinking that if she can just get him, she'll have her "design erased by a vertue of higher design". she has to find those virtues for herself, and that can only come from out of experience. when she finally becomes *equal to* rathar than *less than*, she'll have what she wants (which is the IAM (head) on top of the 4 spines). at that point, she becomes essentially like cupid now: "mightiest of all of the gods".
