# druidic-deconstruction

...

### 2023-02-21 15:06 - strong female characters

let's say I have a history of women turning rotten after my influence on them. as a complimentary, let's say that once they get past my surface image and start to get to know me, it's irreparable damage after that. it sounds kinda the same, but in reality it's a bit different: one of them seems like I'm the reason, and hte other sounds like I'm purposefully trying to damage them.

but, therefore: if I want to try and bring out that strong female character in them, I have to find a way... one possible way could be to make a barrage of films and productions that tell stories of females which go through irreparable damage because of negative masculine influences (like shakespere). show them all the tricks so they can be propared for it logically and conceptually to avoid the pitfalls a little easier.

another angle to accomplish my goal to make women stronger -- or, at least ones that I want to be around -- because, after all, the characters we put in our stories are reflections of our base emotions like desire and fear -- therefore I *need* to find a way to write scripts which feature female characters that, seemingly transcend certain clear negative influences on them and around them dispite impossible odds -- like you know, they were *lucky* -- as in, if the stars hadn't aligned just quite right to have the perfect storm of circumstances, they woudn't have been able to see all the "signs"... this idea is a good one (if I do say so myself), because it's a fallacy: all reality is a reflection of my attraction, so therefore I will *always* attract the perfect storm of things to make the realisation -- and as I get more and more receptive, the universe doesn't need to be so *obvious* about the signs anymore, as something simple, mundane, and ordinary can bring me to the realisation, *BUT* we like the drama and the big meaningful signs, so we actually *like* to think that it's luck. the lower the probability of a manifestation of something, the more hype it creates, and we love that feeling of being alive: that visceral reality that it creates.

thoughts? feelings? do you think it's possible? my personal opinion on it is that it *is* possible, but it's not something I actually want. here's why: in the game of images, whomever broadcasts the strongest is the dominant image that's perceived, therefore, I always want to be the strongest projector of my image, so that it's not perceived the *reality* of the charactor... as a corrolary: if these strong female characters that I wanted to make were able to project stronger than me, they *would* be strong and would overcome negative influences, but they would also see through me.

finally, another way to look at it: we're all trying to prove the world that we live in as right, honourable, and justified; if they were to project a different reality that the one I see, then -- what I see is no longer right, honourable, or justified; they are not "cut from my whole cloth" in my constructed reality, and so therefore are *not* all right, *not* honourable, and definitely *not* likely or justified.
