# gnostic-informant

### 2023-04-11 14:50 - lots to talk about

I've been watching various shows on your channel, and I have a lot to say. previously I'd only watched the ones that you did with jason, but recently I started watching some more on christian related stuff.

#### gangster jesus

@[youtube](https://youtu.be/07PKqAfCwOY)

this video covers a lot of subjects. in the beginning of watching it, I had a lot of reactions regarding dr ammon's portrayal of jesus as being a sort of gangster. before I delve into my theories about that, I'd like to point out that the return of such a gangster jesus, is already present on this earth in the form of nosebook. that's how they operate -- and if you think that I'm somehoww unaware of their child porn and trafficking, drugs (probably not in the normal form, but in using the technology to manipulate the glands used to produce endogenous DMT and other neuraltransmitters), and all sorts of other stuff; of course I'm aware of them and what they're doing -- but this is where dr. ammon goes a little bit off -- which is that there's nothing he (me, or you) can really do about it.

what gangster jesus (or any other criminal organisation, including the vatican) is doing, has nothing to do with us. all of reality is *attracted*, and so therefore, the people that get taken advanttage of by them, or "victimised" in any way, was (and I can assure you of this) *attracted*. nobody can attract for anyone else, because that would be a violation of self-consciousness and free-will. so whatever. additionally, I am not (and nobody else either) should be trying to save anyone, because you're not really saving them -- you're only saving yourself (because you can't attract for them). you can give them ideas and stuff about how to improve what they're focusing on, which is what your channel is all about, which is really great, but ultimately whatever they choose to focus on and make their reason for attracting what they are in life, is theirs.

---

now, in that video you talked about these criminal early church gangsters (including vespassian) doing all of these power-displays, such as healing flying and force strangling people (or stopping their heart). this power, was not theirs, I'm fairly sure -- just like today all of nosebook's capabilities are not their own. they're simply using someone else's power (namely mine), to run their whole criminal network. it's a complete repeat of what's happened before. I'm not sure exactly how all of these power-display posers acqiured this power, but what I do suppose is that it was freely given to them by whomever was the origin of that power. I do suspect it had to do with sex -- probably gay sex, as that'll allow the transferrence of *percepttion* from one man to another.

#### scape goat and yom kippur

one of the things that you've brought up a few times in the few videos I watched (bart and tovia) is the idea of jesus being a sort of "scape goat". they both told you it wasn't a symbolic match, but I think you brought it up intuitively, cause I think it might be a thing. I learned about it only yesterday, so I'll repeat what I heard and then illuminate. the idea is that one goat is given all of the sins and is let go, meanwhile the other one (without any sins) is sacrificed.

I'm fairly certain that's what happened, actually -- as the goat (jesus with the power) was given all of the sin, and then let go to have a wife and produce a unicorn bloodline, meanwhile another guy was the one crucified. the guy that was crucified would have been a guy somewhat like me, where he knows that the body is not the end of beingness, and is neither who you *really* are. the way that I feel the crucifed jesus, is something like the way I feel mars. this guy is designed to ensure that the "worst" manfestation is what happens, and he reminds me a lot of elijah (who also feels like mars to me), more than moses.

I can only say this intuitively, as I don't have anything to say with facts here, but mars and anatau are kind of like cupid and psyche in that they're duals of each other. for cupid, this is the feeling of physical desire (+1). psyche is the manifestation of that physical desire out inoto physical (-7). meanwhile anatau/lilith is pure desire in the form of the absolute "worst" possible thing: the most destruction possible, to create the maximum amount of desire for something now -- which then, her opposite will be mars (+7), the manifestation of that maximum desire, so just like psyche is the manifestation of emissive desire/lust, mars is the manifestation of receptive desire/lust; a real glutton for punishment.

#### day of YHVH vs thousand years reign of christ

I noticed when reading isiah yesterday that there's this idea of "the day of the LORD", or "the day of YHVH". well, as I was looking it up, it occurred to me that (as tovia pointed out), these prophesies are not come to pass, and were definitely *not* fulfilled by jesus (in any way, no matter how they massage the texts). therefore, this is a coming time in the future. the "day" is probably also another 1000y period (I believe relating to the sun), but that 1000y period is experienced differently: one with YHVH/mars and the other with gangsta jesus (the christ).

clearly, there is a split between the jews and the christians in their ideas of what it means to have a saviour and all that stuff. I don't really know how to rectify all of this stuff, as for me the booke of revelation has a lot of very violent (and gay) imagery assocated with it. but then again, so does quite a few of the other OT passages where YHVH is telling them not to kill (one of the commandments), but then go ahead and wipe out the enemies of YHVH, including women and children. I can't really find anything good about any of them, where I can say, "clearly this one has the right idea that I want to follow".

the thing is, for both YHVH and gangster jesus (and the many church criminals), these teachings are pretty reflective of the leadership associated with them (and their adherents). I feel like edits have been happening on both sides, but the ones making the edits have moved over from manipulating the jewish texts over to the church, and then nowadays to nosebook, where they're continuing their reality manipulation and editing (I am well aware of). however, if we separate out all of these reality manipulations, there is something to be redeemed for both the jews and also for the christians (probably muslims too, but I know very little about that).

in isaiah and also in zephaniah, there's this bit on the last days (the end of time, the day of YHVH), the remnant (those that don't go to the ones that like manipulation), will not have deceit in their mouths, and have no intention of war. clearly, this is talking of a future time, in which technology has arrived to such a point that all physical experience is recorded, and you'll be able to access and share the past "memory" and physical experience of yourself and others -- and so, in such a society like that (this is one that I'm personally committed to building), deceit and war are simply unthinkable.

imagine children that have been raised in a system where anyone can share the experience of someone else, the concept of deceit isn't even a thing, because there's no illusion of being able to gain an advantage to hiding things. that's one aspect. the otther aspect is obviously telepathy; if I can feel everyone elses thoughts and emotions around me very strongly, it seems incomprehensible to even try and deceive anyone, because I can also tell when others are being deceptive and they me. in either situation, this day of the LORD is talking about a far into the future time when we're perceiving wanted pretty much exclusively, and so perception of unwanted (I don't want this other person I'm competing with to know something, so I can be *first*) is no longer a thing.

I hate to wreck any jewish ideas about this, but such a society living in the day of YHVH implies that everyone will be seeing from the *last* perspective instead of the first, meaning that competition is no longer a thing, as everyone else is perceived to be in front anyway, and all such new "first" things are arrived to as a collaborative effort. huh, this concept isn't understood the way I mean it...

when I or anyone else arrives to something, it's done because of inspiration -- or, tuning into the idea as I like to say. you have an infinite number of future timelines -- some where you tune into the thing firstly (amongst your peers), and some you do not. in other timelines, someone else tunes in firstly before you -- but that doesn't make you incapable -- just unreceptive. additionally, to claim firstness is to claim that you don't have a "source" which is the infinite expanse of all possiblities, where you or anyone else could be first.

is first the first person to tune into the radio station, or the first person to feel the sound vibration hear their ears, the composer, the inspiration the composer heard in their head, or the full sequence of notes that eventually became the final product?

all aspects of creation are a *spectrum*, and it's only us (consciousness) that defines the barriers or borders of where something begins and ends. first and last are entirely artificial, and are only illustrative of our competition between each other.

### 2023-04-12 12:42 - dr ammon and stuff

yesterday I binge watched dr. amon's [satanic initiation and bible study streams](https://www.youtube.com/@ladybabylon666/streams). I watched the first 5 of them, and I noticed that there are quite a few perspectives that we share in common, but a whole lot that we don't. he says that in satanists use logic and reason (3) and physical sources (7) not, faith (5)-- wbich is all really fine, as I don't ttend to base a lot of ideas on faith in the way thatt he's saying it, whicch is to just blindly believe something that someone else has told me. though his mastery of the ancient languages as texts is quite impressive -- I'll have to say that the cristians have taught us (with a most excellent example) that, *just because someone wrote something down (no matter how long ago it was), and that a bunch of people believe it, STILL DOESN'T MAKE IT TRUE*.

he encourages people to "see it for theirselves" -- which is fine, as that fits (kinda) into the physical evidence bit, but the matrix movies and any kind of nightmare, imaginative, or dream state has shown us that the things that we see aren't necessarily true either. I know from experience with nosebook, which behaves pretty much just like the pedo jesus and other criminals in this christian church setup. he claims that christianity and judiasm are performing satanic rites -- which, really doesn't at all surprise me. however, notice that the thing that he's bashing is the very same rites that he himself is promoting (the satanic ones). he's just saying to perform the rites and stuff with honesty about what is happening, and not to be under the deception of the church trying to pretend that it's something more nice and foofy than it really is -- which is fair...

there are a number of other things that I disagree on because personally, I'm a bit more like paul in that I trust *personal revelation* much higher than I trust what anyone else or some ancient text has said. I know that sounds funny to admit that I'm a bit more like paul in concept, because we're nothing alike in our views at all (I think paul is way off base, as he's all about works/actions/behaviours).

one of our most significant differences is that he claims that lucifer/prometheus is the planet venus. tthat caps him off at 3rd ray symbolic, and I know that is definitely *not* the truth. there was something else he said about foresight too, which I disagreed with, because he thinks that foresight is *seeing* -- and it's not. foresight is, the capacity to perceive symbols, not interacting purely, but in the context of desire (the big-picture perspective) -- which means that they'll always become more in that perspective. when someone looks out and with (supposed) foresight says that something will become less, or only perceives the destruction aspect of it, means they're seeing it from the astral perspective. in order to only see the destruction (and I used to do this a lot as a kid), one has tto completely shrink down and ignore the constant expansion of life and all thatt is. each destruction (unwanted), is only the cause for something new to come out of it (which is the basis for desire and how one sees the big-picture perspective). if they're looking at the symbols and everything needs to balance out and/or be just/jusified or bring justice, then they're looking at it from the saturnian spectrial, such that the venusian symbolic (logical and reasoning) perspective is the highest one can go in seeing the transformation.

---

yesterday when I wrote about him in the previous entry, I noted to you that dr. ammon feels kind of bad to me because of his focus. I *know* that all kinds of really terrible things are happening all over the place -- but none of that is my business. I don't care if jupiter is guzzling ganymede's marbled mud or not -- that doesn't really have any effect on me. ganymede either likes it or has attracted it and jupiter too is the one that is manifesting ganymede's expectations into reality (not my problem). after explaining that I went on about focus because what one focuses upon is ultimately what one is attracting. I don't really care for boys or any of that nonesense, and I really don't care how much pedo stuff is happening in all of these saturnian rites. I'm not going to fight against it, because when fighting against it, one becomes the thing that they're fighting against. so, you know, all of the stuff that he's exposing about the church and the christian bible, *are likely also the same satanic rites he's performing*.

therefore, I don't really want to focus too much on any of that stuff myself, as it's sorta not really my deal. I still do feel some attraction to learn about some of the other stuff that he's saying, but again, this isn't really "true" to me (prolly cause I don't *see* it). I may drop watching him soon, and there's another (potentially unseen) consequence here if I keep watching -- which is that I'm not the only one watching those videos -- and so while I see through quite a bit of the stuff, the rest of *my* audience may not -- and so then, it will eventually attract the apocalypse (revelation, opening everyone's eyes to see). when people's eyes are opened, all hell breaks loose, as people will manifest the way they *feel* and their beliefs into the visual reality space (like a nightmare).

the other difficulty that I see with continuing to watch him specifically (so I'll have to sorta feel it as I go), is that I'm not at all interested in trying to manifest the girls thing anytime soon. [one of your other guests](https://youtu.be/IFQKSFU6Bi4) (dr kara) suggested that osiris wouldn't be put together after 14 (aligns with shakespere's 14 years in henry 4-1), or 42 pieces are found; and, assuming those are years, that puts me at 38-55yo, or 66-72yo. so in either case I'm tending to lean much more toward the cult of isis/sun, than the cult of satan/saturn -- however, I'm not too much on the whole thing of trying to figure things out like that. like I said, I'm more of a personal revelation guy and I know when I feel ready, and saturn and his boys aren't really interesting to me, so I'll skip focusuing/attracting that for now...

finally, I'd like to talk about the jesus of mark 14 -- because (again) I'm much more of a personal revelation guy, and similar to my belief that nobody died in the 9/11 attacks, the death and crucifixion of jesus (for me), was not so much of a pedo drug experience, but an experience of desire. in short, there's a reason why I brought up the +1,-7 (cupid,psyche/aphrodite) and the -1,+7 (lilith,mars/thoth) pillars -- which is because for me the death of jesus and the resulting astral/physical split that occurred, marked a *significant* expansion in human perception, essentially pushing the (saturnian) midpoint between physical and non-physical to a much higher frequency, simply by jesus finding a way to perceive (and understand) far beyond just visible and UV light spectrum. put in another way: you have wisdom (hokma(?)), which is depth of perception -- and understanding (binah), which is the ability to make sense, and draw mental borders around those higher frequencies and to turn them into concepts.

so for me (and likely this is only me), whatever happened with the death of jesus, was (for the earth) the expansion of the pillars from a venus-thoth/jupiter-mars (outside of ourselves) 3rd ray *symbolic* system to an (inside of ourselves) 1st ray *desire* based system instead; and, when this happened, the earth (and I'm likely part of it is going to be going that way) now runs on desire containing now the big-picture perspective, not motivated only by narrative anymore. I have no problem with narrative and the visual (believe what they see guys), but I'm not one of them :)

### 2023-04-12 18:38 - zadek and the nightmare

@[youtube](https://youtu.be/1nFge-jKLWU&t=1058)

I noticed when I was watching this video that tovia claims that mechi-zedek is "righteous king" -- and that may very well be the case, though a little later he says that "mechi" is high priest (of zedek). there's a glaring issue here which is that zedek is the planet jupiter. mechizedek is just a high priest of jupiter.

another place also (it was either with dr. ammon or with tovia), that amun (ra) is the origin for our word "amen" -- and so here too you have this removal of jupiter.

what it appears to me to be happening is that jupiter was the original god of abraham (and potentially the early christians as well), but somehow over the centuries it's turned into saturn worship -- probably by the romans, which their very myth (aeneid) is that the rome was established after aeneas decended to the underworld (saturn), and then latinus offers livinia to aeneas become the founder of rome. [shakespere repaints this myth through the tragedy of titus andronicus](/shakespere/thoughts.md#2023-03-18-0305---aeneas-future-king-of-trojansromans) (which is interesting because in shakespere's tragedy, lucius, the golden ass because of the servant girl) becomes the ruler of rome after killing saturn). anyway...

what I've noticed is that these two (saturn and jupiter) have been fighting over having the dominant 3rd ray position. saturn has it because it's the upper (more physical) part of 4th ray perception -- and his consort, venus is also 3rd ray. saturn is linked to the titans and their demise is linked to jupiter overthrowing them. it's even interesting that something so obvious such as the solar cycle, which is clearly linked to the orbit of jupiter is failed to be recognised. the feeling that I have is that jupiter is simply too powerful, and so they have nothing better to do than to redefine all references to him.

interestingly enough, the saturnian "broken pillar" (I'm always the one with the tragedy) sort of mindset, is precisely what empowers him. a lot of men (cause it's basically a boys only club) resonate with that feeling of not-good-enoughness, and so therefore, finding ways to take advantage of more simple-minded people is often times the way that they "stay on top"; it comes from a belief that saturn has which is in a binary reality, which is that for one to rise, the opponent (opposite side) must fall (or be taken advantage of).

I know that you have this theory that basically the christian church, in its abolishment of pagan ideas, and institutionalisation of monotheism, essentially slowed technological progress down tremendously and made the world a considerably worse place. I fully agree with that assertion, but I'd like to point out that the church (as dr. ammon states so clearly) is *disguised saturnian worship* -- therefore, if we really were to return back to the freedom afforded by pagan worship, then jupiter worship would be fine, and there wouldn't be such an effort to erase the amuns, the zedeks, and the joves.

what I believe is actually happening there is that the triad of jupiter/ra, isis, and osiris is considerably more powerful than the thoth, venus, and saturn one and that's why they've been fighting so much. inotherwords, the saturnians and the jovians are essentially in a turf war over the aryans belief/support. it's basically the difference between the atlantians and the egyptians fighting it out. the israelites (which btw, the name, I think is *on purpose* a mix of isis, ra, and el) have a different triad, which is based on aries/mars and zarathustra/vulcan, which is kind of a problem because that's linked to jupiter. therefore, because the saturnian way is all about narrative through symbol, archetypes, etc. have essentially redefined the aryan perspective so many times to fitt the narrative that jupiter (as influenced though ganymede/vulcan/hera) is not the way to gain power.

now, looking at the big-picture, I believe this conflict is both intentional/created (as in the illuminati way of doing things) and also what is producing our individuality.
we are a reflection of the planet, and what I noticed yesterday as dr. ammon was talking about ouranos/urania is that this uranus is anatau. she's dressed like a boy though (gas giant like neptune, jupiter, and saturn), and that's created a lot of problems, so her direct influence has been withdrawn, leavving only the most powerful three: jupiter, saturn, and neptune. however, to replace that 1st ray influence, the planet itself now has a 1st ray *star* (true feminine) on the inside, and that 1st ray star is being created as a reflection of our 7th ray perception. we call this newly created body YHVH, and she/it is a reflection of us, that, like me, is 100% committed to the "worst" manifestation possible.

so while yesterday dr. ammon continually equated YHVH with jupiter (as in the anointing on abraham by melchizedek[^1]), YHVH is no longer jupiter. jupiter's influence on us, is essentially dead at this point. we can mourn the "death" of jupiter, howevver, YHVH has been replaced by a reflection of ourselves, and that can never die. I do believe that the reflection most strongly affects 6th and 2nd ray perception, but 4th ray perception will be almost entirely unaffected by it -- and so, as more and more people convert over to perceiving from the 1, 5, and 7 perspectives, the saturnian/venusian 3rd ray perspective will just sorta get couched in (no pun intended) to the big-picture of things.

[1]: it occurs to me after writing that, perhaps that original annointing on abraham by the high priest of jupiter is the "annointed one" (the messiah) that hebrews. I'm not sure if I sound too pauline here, but then again reincarnation, right? I believe that ultimately this idea was rejected, because reincarnation can't exist if the satanist church wants to promote their own path to "eternal life" -- which we all have, btw, thanks to the sun, *not* to saturn (or jupiter).

### 2023-04-12 23:22 - personal revelation

@[youtube](https://youtu.be/Sdo4ROEpUNA?t=243)

one of the reactions that I had in the previous entry was around my insistance on using my own personal revelation as a sort of metric -- and so while I can't answer for paul, I can answer for myself: which is that there are an infinite number of timelines that can arrive me (or anyone else) to the present, and I don't need to accept anyone else's version of history, as to how they arrived to the present, because they're all equally effective at getting me or the other person here -- so why argue over it?

for me, when I have an idea as crazy as to think that the 9/11 attacks didn't have any deaths and it was all an illusion[^1], that is just my perspective, and there could easily be other people out there in the world that actually did have a family member that was a victim to the attack. they don't impose any risk to my own personal revelation on the matter -- and likewise, imagine how difficult it is for anyone to *prove* to me that it happened differently: they'd need a time machine, essentially because all physical or photo evidence could easily be contrived. yet, if we're in a time machine going back to look at it, they're *already showing me different timeline*. so, basicall, it's impossible.

in the end, all aspects of history, whether personal in the form of memory, or societial in the form of history books, *is a matter of perception*. this is the point, because if someone tells me that there is written down somewhere a document saying that such a thing happened, we all know how much propaganda is used to manipulate the narrative of any "historical" event, that it's impossible to separate propaganda from fact. let's say CNN has propaganda and FOX has fact -- and neither of them is anything more than narrative.

therefore, all aspects of the past, present, and future are subject to perception, meaning that it's *all* personal revelation -- just some people's "personal" revelation is more easily influenced by outside sources than others.

[1]: considering the technology that hollywood has, it's not at all out of the realm of possiblities. I mean, just think about all of the reasons *why* the us govt would want to do something like that, and mountains of motive can be found as well. it's not like you want to have victims' families actually angry with the government, cause that's an uncontrolled situation.

#### 2023-04-12 23:41 - visual revelation or reasonable revelation

in the commit message, I said that I'm starting to sound more and more pauline every day now -- yet, I noticed that we're actually *very different*: paul is a "I believe what I see" kind of guy, and so for him, his personal revelation on the road to damascus, was his deciding factor for what he believes. obviously, the people that believe the 9/11 attacks happened exactly as they happened on they appeared in the video coverage also believe what they see. I do not; and, for me my conclusion that the 9/11 attacks were not what they appeared to be, was a personal revelation, not only of mentally putting the pieces together, but also of intuition. I had a feeling (since the first time I saw it) that it was all a big show, and then gradually over time, evidence started to strongly suggest that it was, in fact, entirely a show.

please, don't be like paul and just believe what you see (no matter how impactful the image is).
