# hara-nots

[sara with an h](https://www.youtube.com/@ShakespearewithSarah) (notes). this is a collection of notes and ideas that I have regarding helena.

### 2023-01-12 23:11 - queen hera and helena are the same woman

I just had an epiphany when watching [queen margret](https://youtu.be/6QIMBayfTDI), that queen margret is also queen hera. when realising this, I noticed again a similarity to helena, and that's what I'd like to try and talk about. the thing is, the idea works in my head, but I don't really know how to get it out yet, so what I always do in situations like these is know that a perfect opportunity will manifest soon. it felt like I wanted to listen more about queen margaret (mar). brb.

### 2023-01-12 23:38 - tangled eye-beams

I find this concept interesting because I don't experience this at all. I can change my eyes from being piercing, to neutral, to attractive, and I suppose if I'm in the attractive phase, I guess it's possible for someone to feel attraction to me be perceiving my eye-beams. anyway, I don't really feel attraction from other people, or anything else from their eyes. instead, what happens to me is I feel like they do. I sorta gain another mental state awareness of how the other person feels. I suppose they feel like I do -- though I'm not sure. when I did it with pierre, he declined to answer what happened after looking into my eyes for so long. I just don't know what other people experience it as, but I really like how I feel, so I either have to be really macho and alpha-male to ensure I'm the stronger signal in the room (and I do this sometimes), but really what it comes down to is learning how to simply not let what the other person is feeling to affect me so much. their whatever feels like some past experience that no longer looks like an odeal to me.

I think that quality about me is quite compelling, and it's nice that I can feel a person better than they feel theirself (a quality of helena, btw), means that I have the power over you because my feeling over you is higher frequency. in pictoral terms, this is the "connecting with the character" that is transmitted with the words, but because I *feel* better about the person I'm talking to than they feel about theirself, it appears that my signal is more powerful than their own source (still quiet voice) signal. that's great if I'm a jolly old fellow, or admirable gentlemen (like falconbridge), but if I'm a schemer, the one with the more energy or higher vibration always wins (not sure how it goes for ties). they put a lot of energy (the emotion felt when connecting to the character)

OK, I should explain plainly: shakespere and friends are 4th rays so the emotion that you feel is a signal that is connected to a concept. you feel an emotional response when that concept is activated in their minds. the players are all 5th rays (like vulcan) so when they receive those terrible awful feeling emotions in relation to the concept, they have a sort of sadistic (queen hera/margaret, it sounds like) sorta "mhhhh, take that ladies" and it's funny cause fromc my end of things, I hear the reactions of some queens, and they think it's funny that women would take such a part so seriously. I mean, my goodness. there are all these setups of unfaithfulness, loss of virginity, and terrible dismemberment to highlight the things, but from the vulcan perspective, this is sadistic funny.

so, when the emotion is received my me or anyone else evoking the "spell" of those words (it's a conceptual program), and so you get a feeling response to the input (the spell/werds which activated the concept). to me, the feeling response is often times laughter -- but laughter, and pleasure, sexual stimulation, and pain are all very similar in vibration, so they get mixed up and confused. a sex therapist can verify this. to me it feels like a mix of pleasure and laughter, depending on the juxtaposition of the ideas, cause they're also linked to these other concepts thare are -- dunno if you're familiar with abraham -- but the concept they transmitted when they said, "OK everyone let's get our canoes, put them in the river, point them upstream, and then paddle" -- sort of concepts. these are the real hard-work emotions.

#### 2023-01-13 00:30 - you know, I don't notice attraction in others' eyes, actually

I really don't. I wonder, is that a problem.
