# what am I looking for?

I don't really know where to write this one, so I'm just going to make a new section and then wait for inspiration for what to call it.

### 2022-11-17 17:26 - what am I looking for?

today I feel really wierd. there are a number of reasons for it. first, [I wrote about jackson](/blahblog.md#2022-11-16-1005---thinking-about-jackson), and that generated a lot of reactions. yes, I compared him to hitler, as he has a commanding presence about him that is very unnatural. at the moment, he feels pretty bad, and I feel pretty bad for him because if I put him in my mind as if I were to interact with him "he/she said/is like", then the picture I get is making fun of him, kicking him, yelling at him, making fun of him jeering him for being retarded. he attracts a lot of negative feelings and actions from me. it's really weird.

the good thing is I don't have to worry about it. after writeing that entry, there were a lot of reactions, especially considering if I would be voicing my opinion on him and my theory that his imagination is blocked, and also my various theories on why he has such a strong presence about him.

hitler had (has? I feel him in the present) a commnding presence about him very similar to myself and also to jackson. the thing is that hitler used a lot of sex magick and other esoteric rituals to build up an astral presence that overshadowed the awful presence. jackson could easily do this and become very popular with the ladies. my experience has been that females seem to be far more interested in the imaginary, than the the reality,so that could work out pretty good for him, because it's all just a mind game anyway. I've paid a lot of attention to people that hook up, and the more successful ones have this sort of reality distortion field (I think they call it "getting swept off of your feet"), and in any case it's a charisma that gives off a presence that makes one have a strong sense towrard action (just like how he inspires me in my imagination I want to kick, push, make fun of him, etc. it's that same presence/charisma that inspires girls to just blindly go after a guy, that hitler used to convince the germans to go his path.

---

obviously, I don't really have this charisma -- or, if I do, nosebook has a much stronger influence on people than my charisma does, because I've sent out quite a few emails and stuff with quite a few really engaging ideas and things that I find it very hard to imagine that the only response I got is a fake grasshopper picture from dad. he didn't respond to the emails that are actually things that I want to talk about and instead avoided everything.

obviously, if I actually had good ideas and/or charisma, some people would at least have questions. surely, there was a good idea in there somewhere. it really looks like everyone wants to avoid me as much as possible right now. I've considered beginning to behave very irrationally and see if it starts to attract attention, and to be completely honest, it's not like it's all that weird because you have to see things from my perspective, which is that no matter how much evidence that I present that nosebook and other things are actually enourmous influencers in how people talk to me, nobody will even admit that influence even exist -- and it seems that people actively do all of the covering up for nosebook. I can't understand the punishment that could possibly be the case for talking about it, so because it's so irrational. there's *always* one kid that says that santa isn't real), so because even natural "I'm going to do things the wrong way types like marcos or dad, choose to go along with it. this is why I entertain thoughts that I'm literally here all by myself and you all are constructs/egregores, because nobody is displaying normal human-like behaviour.  there's always at least one troublemaker or one that doesn't go mainstream, but my perspective is that *everyone* is adhering to the script like robots. I can't get anyone to really break character really, cause I know that if I had a friend in my position, I would -- well, I would have a look at the concept and see what is the least resistant view of it. instead, I get denial and anger toward me for looking into "other people's business".

---

I've given some thought to why I think peopl are avoiding me, and -- for example, the next day after sending the emails to marc, I noticed a reaction that was particularly strong (not sure if it came from him), but felt to me like I "read him like a book". I hate that expression, btw, so to clarify it felt to me like he felt like even though there is space and time between us, it felt as if I somehow had an unusual capablity to perceive far beyound the gameplay into his personality, his perception and what he values (finds important) -- and it felt like he couldn't hide in the fog of war but I could see all his moves. the way marc often plays, is he often times plays much more in response to whatever the player is doing. he likes to get a scout and react to what the opponent is doing, whereas for example when analysing maru's pov, maru didn't really scout. he just makes sure his openings are covered. he uses information that he has on his opponent to his advantage -- so, when he reads my email, he realises that I receive unusual extra sensory data that isn't related to the topic of the video, and so naturally, from his perspective, it looks like I'm going to be using that information to my advantage, becazuse that's what he would be doing if I were his opponent. that's oobviously not the case, because if that were, I would be *miserable*. I receive so much information, I simply *don't want* to waste my time on others are doing because what others are doing doesn't really mean much to me. I only care that I understand them, I don't usually (meaning, I actively intend *not* to make decisions based on information about another person). I use the information I receive to make extremely relevant commennts and to gain an understanding of the person -- but nothing else. once I understand a person, they become neutral to me. it's only erratic or irrational behaviour that causes me to pay attention more (hence, why I considered beginning to behave erratically to actually begin to start making conversations and talking about concepts that actually interest me).

you can see that for a person like me, all that extra information is feels a lot like information overload, so I have to find ways to summarise and simplify the data into something meaningful *to me* -- and since I was young I've been working to incorporate that information into my daily routine as if it's normal -- rather than feeling like I need to constantly separate myself from others and go my own way on things. I can't really shut down the information (I've tried), so I've just learned to live with it and just be as chill as possible about everything. I realise that it's not necessarily the best thing to just keep only to myself like I presently do, so I try and integrate as much with people as possible.

I will admit, it is a lot easier to keep to myself when everyone is avoiding me, so I should probably enjoy my present situation more than I do. by keeping to myself, I can do the things that *I* want to do -- but if I'm with others, I either have to go with their flow or find an agenda for them. I prefer to do my own things anyway, and most of the time, I don't need other people. I'm quite self-sufficient.

I'm reminded of when I was in spain/tuenti and I frequently wanted to just do my own thing, but others would try and integrate me into their parties, bar fun, conversations, etc. in fact, I would try going and sitting by myself on purpose, and it's like people had a sensor that noticed that I was alone and tried to get me involved. I rarely even needed to initiate a conversation I was such an attractive person. people just talked to me. lots of people loved me and wanted me to be around them and to be around me -- even the ones I didn't even really know.

nowadays, people avoid me like the plague. it's a pretty far distance that my charisma has dropped since then, that it has to be something "supernatural"[^1], and that's the thing that's getting to me the most. usually I have to fend off people that want to know more about what new ideas I have on things but that is no longer the case. nobody wants to know my ideas on a thing now, and it feels like they're actively being shut down, which makes my interactions with you guys *VERY WEIRD*. it's the <super/un>-natural interactions that are so weird. it's definitely not normal and definitely not natural. it's probably organic.

I spent the first half of my life trying to get away from people because I was so attractive and now the second half, I experience the opposite where I'm no longer attractive/charismatic, and I have all the time that I want to spend away from people. it's literally night and day difference from my perspective.

as a result of realising that I'm now mostly avoided, I've begun to start thinking about what it is that I actually want to *do* with my time.

a few years ago, I would have responded pretty rapidly to that question with an answer of the website/program that I'm currently infatuated with, but that is no longer the case.

for example, I thought that I wanted to research the carbon and stuff, but if I'm going to have to do it all by myself, it doesn't interest me narly as much. the only thing that I can do is to look at the concepts and render them into text, but it's kind of like talking to a wall if there isn't any conversation[^2] or opportunity to conduct experiements and actually test out my hypothesis and make updates. that's the fun part. the part of looking at the concept is what I do all day long. it's the same skill to look out with my eyes and identify a tree as it is to look at a concept. it's literally the most boring thing ever.

actually, now that I think about it, I suppose then that marc's perspective is actually one that I like, where I look at a concept, get information and then test out the hypothesis (send an email) and then check the results (the reaction). I do enjoy the interactive process a lot more than just passively watching things. it's kinda like the difference between actively playing a game or reading a book vs passively watching a film.

the thing is, back when I was in spain I had unlimited test subjects to try out my ideas on in the bars. I could mess around with people, and then look at the results. nowadays, I don't actually get real results. I'm no longer a person but a camera, and people behave differently around cameras.

---

so to try and get back to my original question of what am I looking for -- again, I don't have an answer.

it may not be about that though. you know, I often times have this sense that this is actually a deciding factor. to illustrate, remember the fatima sightings? there was this weird thing where there was this message that was given, and it was supposed to passed on to the poople (some prophesy or something), but that was like in the 70's or something and the church has refesed to reveal whatever that was in connection to the fatima thing. well, when I first read that, I noticed that this can be looked at like a timeline split where one group of people have an incompatible reality with others. one had the fatima thing revealed and the other had the church refuse to reveal it. if looked at alchemically, this is sort of like distilling the essence of the hardcore holdouts (band name?) to become more and more pure. we're on the timeline with the essence of the most hardcore refusers.

it looks like this is just a continuation of that, and what I'm actually doing (from a larger vantage point) is distilling the that refusal essence, and so actually the point of this timeline is not actually to convince you all with my charisma or presence, but to instead inspire everyone to actually reject me even if they don't want to.

---

I've actually thought about this rejection thing a lot in the context of jackson because I feel that rejection vibe really strongly with him. no matter how open minded or low resistance I am, I *must* reject him. I feel hatred and anger toward him. I absolutely hate him. I hate how he looks because he looks how he feels. he looks stupid, incapable and such a waste of a person/space. he is *not* what I'm looking for when it comes to a nephew. I noticed that this whole thing has also made me feel hated for jessica as well[^4].

now, I imagine that I have to grow up in jackson's position, and suddenly it becomes a lot easier. from his perspective, he's in an environment and he's doing his best, just like every child is, which is mostly confusing (at least this is how it was for me) in an environment of dishonest adults (this was a huge problem for me as a kid because nobody actually followed their words). I see myself a lot in him because I too was hideous as a kid and super duper clueless as to what is going on. it wasn't till much later that I figured out how reality works.

it took me A LONG TIME, and I really mean a very long time, to figure out what all of the feelings a concepts that I could feel were. for example, I was quite prepared to talk to remi that one time because I had so much experience with others telling me the things that I see/feel is wrong because they want to keep their fog of war. she can say whatever she wants about this or that, but *I know I'm right*, and that's all that matters. the battle for righteousness was most intense with raquel (because it was in a lot of cases, her culture vs mine), and really, her decision to not talk to me about any of the things that I could clearly see -- I felt a very similar feeling to the situation that I'm in now. I knew that trying to have a relationship with a person that is always telling me that the things I'm seeing and feeling are not reality, just simply won't work. this is obviously the case with nosebook as well, and as much they want to try and avoid it, we will have to come to terms with what I consider reality vs what they consider reality. it can't be avoided forever, and so it was at that moment (much like this one) where I knew that the relationship was over. this is how I am; take it or leave it.

so, because I didn't actually start to figure out my emotional/conceptual capacity and start to make sense of all the chaos of emotions and information that I regularly receive, until after raquel (29-30yo), I really do mean it when I said, it took me A LONG TIME. I realise that it's silly to to be so pretentious to think that others need to figure out what I figured out, but I think it's actually quite a good idea actually. when they figure out that emotion is everything, much more than words and actions (untruths and fakery/illusions), then it'll be magnificient. the world is so much more rich (everything, even the hidden stuff) all have a vivid and real qualicy to it that it's unmistakable, to the point that remi telling me that things don't exist when they do is like telling me that everything I see with my eyes is not actually real. she's denying the most real part of my reality. I desire for others to see reality as real as I see it, rather than trying to convince me to deny the real part of my reality. I don't need to be shielded from visibly inapropriate things (if you could see what I see, you would see how messed up it is). I already see all those inappropriate things all the time and quite frankly, it's you all that are the squeemish ones. nothing can be hidden. all is known, but it might still appear invisible to you, but not because it's invisible, but for lack of perception.

---

if I could have developed that capacity earlier on in my life, that would have been great, but I think it would have actually brought me to even more isolation. I might be the only person that feels comfortable with others able to hear/feel my thoughts. you know, nosebook is a crutch. I'm not telepathic. I don't hear your thoughts; I have much much more than that. for me, an entire concept is presented any time that anyone thinks about anything with any amount of emotion attached to it. I am *actually* the best listener you could find, not because I'm listening to the words, but because I feel what you're saying. I actually *can* understand people and see things from their perspective.

though, you all can see through my eyes, I'm fairly certain that I see others' perspectives better than they see mine. just because you all can see what I'm looking at doesn't mean you see it the same way I do, and you definitely don't get all of that extra information that I get either.

all information being available is very frightening to some people. for some with lots to hide, that makes for an unlivable reality. maybe I'm an ego manic or some masochist of sorts, but it reqlly looks like I'm distilling the most hardcore refusers essence -- which, btw, is the ooposite, other end of the corkscrew. on one side you have the "lust for results", "need the manifestation to feel good" side and all the way around on the other side of the circle but not the same position is the hardcore holdouts (the real refusers). btw, that's a funny translation of that concept,  because I originally intended to write "foot-draggers" but, I felt instead that I would look at the active side of the concept, which is someone who is aware of the lust for results, in contrast to the passive side of the concept, which is foot dragging (look closely here to discover something meaningful).

another way to look at this would be to see that your avoidance of me is something like the "silent treatment" where, the goal is to get me to engage you guys on your frequency -- when really what I want is to leave the word reality types to play their word games, and allow for those that enjoy someone with conceptual pertcepetion to meet me *where I am*. there, we'll enjoy a feeling-reality together, and then we can just let the word-raelity people try and make sense of the reality they made with their words[^3].

THAT'S WHAT I WANT!! I got it! (no two trips are the same time)

[1]: I also hate the word "supernatural" as well cause everything is natural -- but I use the word on purpose because it's absolutely *not natural* at all for me to have such radical swings in my charisma, sometimes even within the hour. it *has* to be something other than natural that's causing it.

[2]: you know I've often thought about this. tesla spent the majority of his time by himself. he had an imagination though, so he was costantly busy there. when I was a child, I was like that, but I'm in the "real world" now, and the nice thing about the imagination is that if I want to interact with someone over my discovery, I conjure them in my mind and I talk with them about the concept. it's just like having a real conversation. I can change their personality and then run the test again to see if the other personality interacts differently in the play (or talking about the invention), but without an imagination, I can tune into someone's conceptual response, but the response is my words, sounds like me, and is usually pretty optimistic. it's hard to play out a drama or a very lively conversation with someone, because I'm not talking -- I'm interacting with their concepts. feeling and voice are very different, which is why it always sounds so much different when saying something that was previously only a concept. inside my head, it's low resistance, but in voice, it gains an unexpected gravity to it.

[3]: when writing this, I had a flashback to a mushroom trip when I realised that reality is composed of the words we use to shape it. this is one of the reasons why I decided I wanted to "shoot straight the arrows" (don't speak untruths) -- not for others' sake, but because word reality is extremely liquid and slippery -- because words theirselves are slippery and can be taken so many ways, that, reality took on that quality. I couldn't stay in in a "defined" word reality becasuse my reality was expeiencing me something like a lawyer uses words to bend "truth", and each time I tried to get a solid grasp on thngs, it shifted and slipped away from me. I couldn't grasp it and hold it steady it was so liquid. I remembered the thing that terence said about the baby that sees the bird and it's this magical happy thing floating about with so much exuberance, and then the mother says, "bird. that's a bird" and when she says that, the glow and shine, all of it's brilliance and magnificence disappears. now it's just a thing no different than any of the other stuff around. it becomes drab and the only thing that it can now use to express itself now is its movement (before it was much more). the word caused the bird to lose all of its "living" quality. I settled down and relaxed into trying to see the world like the baby does.

[4]: considering that people appear to me largely how they feel (ref: conversations with sesily), I actually think anger and hatred toward jessica is attracted from her own perception of herself, and has little to do with me (I'm just her brother and we share similar DNA (like jaron and me) so I feel her easier). I will feel her like she feels herself, so if she hates herself and hates that she didn't get the conditions/manifestation that she wanted, that's the is probably the origin of that. jackson is a reflection of that and was simply born into it, so the feeling has been what's normal. when he gets out of the nest, and sees that there's more to the world than self-hatred, he'll have to reconsider a lot of things he probably now considers "true" or "reality". most people don't get there though, which is why I said from my vantage point he's hopeless. from his though, he's just doing his best, just like everyone else.
