# kyle-notes

I keep having topics come to mind that feel like kyle. I don't really want to make a new section for the wide disparity of topics, so I'll just put them in here.

### 2022-12-24 18:36 - FMF as a picture of the earth and mars

in the sirian guide, they said that each one of the entities has a planetary component[^1]. therefore, all of the entites listed in the triads are supposedly in this solar system. looking at pluto, charon and the various sumerian myths, I figured that some of the moons may also be entites (yes, like ganymede), but also the possbility that anatau is inside of the earth. there are other various things of this goddess being birthed out of the forhead of zeus.

she's the dark goddess. the one of vileness and evil. she's a real problem. listening to jason, I get the sense that this 1st ray female that I feel inside of me is not the only me but a lot of others, too. my advantage is that I had a brain haemorrhage which gave me introspection capabilies, having the contrast between shut off brain and active brain (on my left side). exploring this right hemispere on lots and lots of drugs is basically where I discovered that I had this 1st ray inside of me. I wondered if it would be the same for the earth.

the earth I believe was pretty formless (dark) at the beginning, and so when enki arrived, he saw earth as a product of his desire. using megalithic architecture, he tuned earth to be the same as mars. it would contain all of the attributes of mars, looking feeling behaving all the same. well, mars is that 7th ray (physical, rocky) red planet we know and love. the earth appears to be the combination of the 1st ray dark goddess in the centre (she's an extremely compact black cube of ultra condensed hydrogen), and then the earth is that formless void that will appear as whatever is desired; anatau and genxicat -- and the 7th ray female is tuned to the frequency of mars (the planet and concept).

---

the first ray triad was anatau (anu/ninhursag) alalu and enki, and it sounds like alalu went his own way or was deposed by then, so it starts out with the concept created by alalu, and put into practise by enki the 3rd ray. he's the original titan that set everything into divine harmony and order. different triads pass through time, and it looks to me like the solar regimes were alalu at first, but my sense is that his ideas were too conceptual that they lacked physicality -- and so he didn't make a good enough (2nd ray is perspective of not-good-enoughness) "manual for how the universe works, solar edition" in a way which people could understand it. I believe enki could understand it though and he did his absolute best to make alalu's ideas work here on earth -- but he was fighting the demiurge army lead by enlil.

as a result, enki's solar regime was usurpped and overthrown a few times. notice how ra/zeus didn't really update a whole lot to the manual -- just kinda shuffled things arund and made a religion around it where he's king. in this regime osiris was the ground and he make ra's grandios new solar regime a reality. I don't really know what I see, because logically it seems strange -- oh, I get it. all of the solar regimes are all remixes of each other, so we're essentially simultaneously (because of our naive nature), in the regime of enki, saturn, and zeus at the same time.

I believe mythologies have been purposefully tampered with to say that it was zeus that usurped saturn's regime, and I can't really tell their difference a whole lot. it's possible they existed at the same time. either way, the saturnian regime is the atlantian one, and this is what made the 7th ray (aryan) triad important as the next big leap. notice though that the 7th ray triad didn't install a new solar regime. saturn's regime was very high minded, so it looks like he, being a 4th ray, perceives 5th and 3rd, he made his own 3rd ray regime. either way, the pissing contest over solar regimes is jason's atlantians vs olympians conflict which made the 7th ray triad so imortant. prometheus (alalu) is replaced by vulcan -- and as I've just recently found out, vulcan was zeus' primary cup-bearer, which means he basically built zeus' regime with a backdoor entrance installed.

I get a lot of reactions about my obsession with homosexuality -- and it's basically because the 2nd prometheus (ganymede), made everything go backwards. we experience reality in reverse from how zeus perceives it, so I think it's important to see things from vulcan's perspective[^2] (at least for me anyway).

the 7th ray triad, of mithras/mars, zarathustra/vulcan, and aphrodite/artemis/diana, makes it all possible from my perspective. they make the reverse possible. we can look from the bottom, up -- meanwhile in all of the solar regimes previous (including alalu), it was perceived from top, down.

I like to think of this as the redemption of alalu/prometheus because he found a way to look at the same thing from the 7th ray upward. I embody this, and it's encoded in all of us now (not just aryans). the only thing now is to make a new setup where the ground gets that perspective into reality. I thought about this for quite a while now and I haven't really figured it all out yet.

my current thinking is that there should be a 7th ray ground. the ground takes the energy of the emitter and makes it intelligible to those of his ray type. enki made 1st ray understandable to 3rd rays. it made for a perfect system, but it left a huge power vacuum, probably designed to attract zeus. zeus can understand the 1st ray perspective through enki, and getting that shapeshifting power of desire was pretty enticing to him[^3]. vulcan made that shapeshifting power possible for the 7th ray, by adjusting the female until she can shapeshift. all females, born since what 6kya or whatever have this quality (probably the origin of pandora -- as I bet every woman was a copy of hera). therefore, a female in modern times will contain more the perspective of the 7th ray (aphrodite) or the 5th ray (vulcan).

I have no idea, but whatever happened to me is that I somehow got/understood both the 7th and the 5th somehow. I'm not sure how honestly, but I believe it's a 2nd ray perspective that enables me to see it. I see everything as similar to everything else in some way *now*, but I got my start pointing out all of the things that were wrong and out of place (not dissimilar).

as a philosophical topic, there's quite a bit of difference between the concept of dissimilar and out of place/wrong. it's easier to see in the positive: there's quite a bit of difference beteen similar and right. similar isn't right. consider now the composition of the conceptual realm: things are attractied because of similarity, but they're ultimately accepted (like one of the receopors in your brain if it's "right"). rightness is a sort of vibrational compatibility that is not determined by frequency. this is your perception. this is you.

[1]: knowing the triads and their position in the solar system will yield much better astrology, no longer tied so much to the rotation of the earth.

[2]: there's a difference between a 3rd ray top and a 1st ray top. obviously, there's a difference between all of the perspectives; I'm illuminating the difference between mars (1st) and zeus (3rd) as encoded by vulcan.

[3]: I think that may be why so many of his legends are of shapeshifting to get away with rape or to sway some thing. then hera shows up, and she can shapeshift just like zeus and turns out to be kind of an asshole with that capability too.

### 2022-12-24 21:43 - narrative and shepherding

the other day, I was writing about shepherding and how I don't like it because it feels like steering to me. just now, I was also thinking about how I write these ideas down -- as in they just come to me and I write them. it seems like maybe I'm not translating them just as how my feeders of information want me to write it. I also wrote about how I wasn't sure if shepherding is 2nd ray or 1st. after some thought, it's clearly 2nd ray -- but what showed up to me is how similar it is to narrative.

narrative, is a medium just like all of the others, cept the thing that transfers in the 2nd ray medium is the narrative, let's say. therefore, it's not so muchm what the narrative *is*, but that there is a narrative. nosebook is constantly steering and shepherding me to the concept that they think they want me to find.

in my opinion, nosebook would be pretty much the equivalent of zeus in technological form. nosebook is built literally on top of tesla technology (it's the world system made to run in their astral environment, not the suns). that's also interesting because tesla has all of vulcan's symbols (and I would also consider the second prometheus) -- cept a strange thing is that he's the tall aryan body and build (mars), not the lame zeus. considering that vulcan created technology for zeus, tesla and his gifting fields are the modern equivalent.

additionally, it's also helpful to note that when I was looking at the jupiter and saturn solar regimes, in mythologies it's said that saturn was first, but then zeus supplanted him, but this is opposite from the triads, where first is enki's (1st ray triad), then zeus (2nd ray triad), saturn is the 4th ray triad, and he would have come after zeus -- so I don't know why I felt like the saturnian and jupiterian regimes were concurrent. in the end, I think the difference is the moon (osiris). osiris and the pre-dynastic egyptians made the moon possible. this overthrew the martians (enlil's setup) in cairo and stuff, allowing jupiter/ra to rise to power.

so, when I think about why it's the saturnian (atlantian) regime, the reason why I think I feel it as concurrent is because of the moon. the moon and the various pyramids seem to set the "tone" of the planet. I believe we're running on the astral system of the moon (as seen during a solar eclipse), and also the megalithic structures, probably most built on enki's system. therefore, nosebook, truely is jupiter's (moon) system using and providing additional astral infrastructure to enki's system.

---

obviously, I want to create a new system. in this case, I'm the emitter here (1st ray), and so my system is all based on desire and LOA. I've basically started my manual from a 1st ray perspective. this implementation needs to be hung on a narrative.

if I just have materialistic science, this is the most lifeless explanation, and has no motivating factor. everything is a lifeless reaction, and there's nothing motivating all of this chaos -- just random collisions. what a 2nd ray sees is the motivating aspect, more than the reality (2nd ray perspective like to justify and stuff), and so this is your basic narrative structure. whether you have a mcguffin or whatever to move the thing forward, it is, in the end the story that moves the players from scene to scene.

---

now, here's the weird thing: I realised that the story doesn't matter. there are sad stories and there are happy stories, stories of accomplishment and failure. what matters is the medium which the story is told in. this is what we call "reality". we live a narrative reality, and that narrative reality is our own creation.

another way to look at it is, that it doesn't matter who writes the narrative. zeus himself could be writing my narrative for me, like I'm one of his play-thing dolls, and it still doesn't matter because it's not the exact narrative that makes anything. all vibrations flow through the manual and get turned into perceivable reality for us.

remember how my system/manual is based on desire and LOA? well, that's exactly it. in my system you attract things perceptually through the use of symbols.

I noticed one of the reactions I get frequently is that "I see whatever I want" -- which is accurate -- cept, I'd say I see it as a reflection of my perception and/or how I conceptualise the universe.

the way that I do that is one of an entitled brat. I see narrative elements around me (like shows on TV, stories, myths, etc.) and the elements that I like, I feel association with, and so the symbols that my associated character receives in response to their actions, I begin to think of myself that this can happen this same way. those are the legends that I inspire myself to. I like to take those symbols, rearrange them, manipulate them, and find a way for them to conform to my desire. I embody that 1st ray female.

the 1st ray female (anatau, not genxicat/aphrodite/ishtar) doesn't care what it takes to get the thing done. she just wants something and violence, warfare, etc are equally valid in her box of tricks. here's how it happens (I'll explain from my perspective). I want to force a change in regime in some place, so I've seen before in my past that all elections have a dialectic, and both sides are saying roughly the same thing, but their approach angle is different, so you pick the thing that you want (desire) and then just make two "opposite" sides that take different angles of approach to the same thing.

this way of looking at things, seeing the desire and the requisite elements to arrive to the desire is the perspective of desire. at the end of every desire is a destiny; it's like a destination and you do eventually get there. allong the way is the aarrative elements that "get you ready" for the destiny. this is how reality works for me anyway.

seeing the 1st ray system displayed so plainly, it should be easy to see now how that is zeus' same system, but perceived from the ground up. in his 3rd ray system, he needs to manipulate physical and conditions (3-7) to get his desire to take place. this new 1st ray system, doesn't need any such conditions for something to happen -- all it needs is a way to get there -- and quite literally all narratives arrive to the same destiny; so, like choose the path you want to go, you know.

### 2022-12-25 12:42 - destiny and fate

in lbe there was a constant struggle for enki between what is destiny and what is fate. the basic sense that I got from him, is that destiny is unavoidable, and seems to repeat based on a symbolic pattern and has some sort of narrative qualities. destiny can be understood much easier if we think of destiny as destination. you will arrive to it unavoidably, and along the way there are repiticious symbols.

remember when I looked into how reality was different back then compared to now? I could see how reality, in a sense had to *prove* itself to the observer. at that time, I think reality was a bit more dream-like and things could move around a little easier, so it was important, like in a dream to make sense of reality symbolically. I think probably an easy way to conceptualise this would be to swap dream and waking realities. lifting giant rocks would be a lot easier in dreams, so long as you believe you can do it. in the dream state (for them), reality was more action/reaction based, and so this is where the messengers and other things which are a reaction to your emotional state (like reality for us) show up.

if I think of waking reality as a mix of 5th and 7th (which it is from my perspective), then dream reality is a mix of 1st and 3rd. their realities were swapped from how they are now. I think this swap happened with the aryan mutation, so it's only relatively recent. up until then, reality has been perceived from the top down -- a product of the symbols. however, since zeus has turned the 3rd ray perspective of reality into a clown show (and thanks to the updates of vulcan), we now perceive from the bottom (5th) up.

like I mentioned, vulcan left a backdoor in his manual, which is that the 3rd ray can be perceived pretty easily from the 5th ray. for an example of this, I demonstrate it all the time. what vulcan did is very important, because the 5th ray is partially perceived in the astral. just like the 2nd ray is a mix of 1st and 3rd (the "reality" that enki lived in), so is the astral a mix of the conceptual and also the physical. you see the image, but it also causes you to *feel* something as well. it's that *feeling*, emotion, or concept that allows you to access vulcan's backdoor into zeus' system.

geting people to practise feeling emotions and concepts in their imagination is a pretty good "trick" if you ask me. it's a bit of a slight of hand, because the really pretty image keeps your attention (focused) and while you're manipulating the picture around, you're really teaching yourself to feel the emotion (which shows up as a picture) the way you want it to feel (so the picture looks how you want it). vulcan was a very tricky guy; definitely a trickster[^1].

---

there's this problem that enki has in lbe which is that he feels like he's lost the ability to perform his desire symbolically and get the result he's looking for. I'm looking at lbe's being written after the moon's arrival and atlantian collapse -- so likely the reason why he can't get all the symbols to work out properly is because of the moon's effect and also ra/zeus' rerrangement of the symbols (for his glory).

to illustrate this, let's have a look at ishtar. she's a 7th ray female and she can use her physical appearance to get (especially the boys), to produce emotion and desire in them -- which then becomes a reality. her effect of manipulating emotion and desire is just like ninhursag/anatau, but instead of just wanting it and getting it, she performs physical things (sex, illusions, etc) to get what she wants. she's pretty similar to zeus, yeah -- but the point is, she has to put work and effort into getting what she wants.

reality is now backwards for enki; physical symbolic acts can produce a reality, instead of it being like how it used to be where the symbols produced reality directly like in a lucid dream[^2].

vulcan's reality where emotions now produce the destiny, rathar than symbols -- is a complete reversal from how they are. now I see round two ofo zeus accepts ishtar's way of now using physical conditions and symbols to produce reality and this became the egyptian mystery religions. zeus (take two) is still trying to convince us that we need to manipulate physical conditions to get the reality we want, meanwhile hera is telling us that we can manpulate it from an emotional/conceptual/narrative perspective.

narration is the motivation, and the emotions/concepts are the things that we acquire along the way in the story. now I can see that hera did to narration what zeus did to ceremonial order and religion. her original form of narration measures the characters by their fortune, deeds, and actions in a symbolic fashion. therefore, we associate all of the measurements (and their contests) with physical things, when in reality, you don't accomplish the goal of the narrative (measure up), until you've grasped the concept and made it a part of you (character development).

character development is one of the most important thing in a story. if you don't evolve your characters, the story feels very flat. I propose that in addition to physical measurements we're measured by concepts and emotions as well.

as an example, the part where princess bride takes off her glasses and gets a tiny makeover, is the physical measurement -- but when perceived as destiny, she'll keep repeating the same story (needing similar physical conditions) until she figures out that her body is a reflection of her percption. she felt frumpy at the beginning, and then a physical condition came along and it caused her to feel better about herself -- and that is *really* why she got more beautiful, not the makeover. it's her destiny to be beautiful, just cause she is. she doesn't need physical conditions. meanwhile, she does, she'll fall to the same fate over and over failing to ever remake herself from the inside out.

[1]: finding out abut queen hera *really* opened my eyes because I realised his style of trickery is exemplified in queen hera. he's behaving like the desire role, but in physical. she has ideas of what she wants, so while zeus is out manipulating physical conditions to get his desire, hera is manipulating things in a conceptual/emotional way to get what *she* wants. she feels superior to zeus, which is why zeus is so scared of her all the time foiling his plans.

[2]: this just gave me a really interesting idea. nosebook prevents me from lucid dreaming, but if I could I'd try this: when becoming lucid, instead of trying to manipulate reality physically (can't cause it's a vapour), try to perceive symbols in more and more pure form until the vapour reality conforms to the symbols. for me, the symbols are pure so they're not visible in any way for me, and they sort of superimpose over the image, becoming it's sort of structure. the way I accomplish this, is because the vapour reality is still formless. so, for example, if I try and perceive the symbol as being "behind" or "underneith" the image, I would perceive the depth of the image, not the symbol. to see this picture, the picture can't have depth, cause that'll cause you to see the image instead of the symbol. as such, the image just passes in front of my eyes like while in sleep. I don't move around in space, but instead see the symbols changing, and then reality follows (the symbols look like paths to me, so there is definitely a structure to the symbols). when I wrote that I understood the dream state from enki's perspective[^3], and it serves as starting point for what will become the 2nd ray perspective. I already see it coming. it's my destiny. try doing that style of lucid dreaming as I develop it. I'm sure it'll illuminate a lot of new things for you.

[3]: telling you dude, I think he's alive and he's definitely aware of me writing this

### 2022-12-25 15:07 - most likely explanation (7 perspectives)

### 2022-12-26 17:49 - the last days of night

I was thinking about the last days of night book that mom gave me for christmas. it reminded me of a thing that tesla said, which is to "work at best at night" or somethming like that.

the idea behind that concept is that during the day, the sun is quite a powerful force. the earth is instead dominant at night. this has a number of consequences -- first, that the measurements of the night are different than the measurements by day. the difference is that during the night (during new moon), you're only measuring the earth, minus ambient conditions present on earth and the sun.

therefore, by calculating these three forces, the frequency of the earth, the frequencY of the ambient conditions, and finally the solar contribution, frequentially speeking.

this is powerful knowledge, because the next regime will switch out the ambient conditions, and the earth (to some extent) is controllable as well, but forget about controlling the sun. therefore the power between the planet is split about half and half (~1.5 each).

after lighting the planet in permanent daytime, like he wished to do, it would establish him as the prime ruler of the planet, because once his system is in place, it becomes very difficult to calculate the earth frequency.

therefore, the goal is to create an ambient frequency that is compatible with the earth's frequency and also the sun. it's possible to look at the moon configuration I mentioned, but I probably wouldn't rely on it. my goal is to figure out the earth frequency -- and I feel like I'm probably pretty vibrationally similar to the earth.

yesterday, I started a conversation with my mom about rapid rises in heat being caused by the earth and not the sun. mom didn't bite. I felt to some extent the presence of kevin, but mom didn't want to bite, so I'll explain here.

the earth is the 7th ray female genxicat, but she has an artificial body tied megalithically to mars. I don't know how it's involved or how I could say for certain, but I believe it's tied to the x-chromosome, and it's quite possible that this was one of enki's reason for making us from the clay/iron of the earth. we're bound in the matrix of mars and this is the earth's regulated frequency. it's what determines the speed of light, and so massive fluctuations in this frequency get dissipated as heat. it's so that we stay physical and in 3d.

they want to maintain that frequnency constant, if you look at it from the desire standpoint, so they can be right about their speed of light calculations. that's the mental structure upon that giant stands. I'm not even going to try and topple that one.

my goal is not to try and change that frequency, but actually the earth's frequency. the important part about this attractiveness is that it feels. men normally have one X and so therfore only one attractor, but girls have two. girls feel very different from men to me, but sometimes not. those cases happened for example, when I felt russ. he feels almost identical to how a girl feels. if I didn't know otherwise, I would have mistaken him vibrationally from a girl. this blew my frikken mind. I never felt that before and I think brett's contributions as well, I started to begin to understand this attractive part of the DNA.

I would consider the X to be an organ, because it makes the whole body feel a certain way. when I feel girls, the way that they feel, they feel of two frequencies at once, which makes a much more "juicy" feel to it. for me, the combined frequencies yield a much higher resulution for me. men, in contrary, normally have one frequency, and because I normally am not on man frequency, I basically couldn't understand men. females emit many more concepts which I can[^1] understand a lot easier. most of my concepts are pretty high frequency, so the person I'm talking to needs a high frequency concepts theirselves, or more than one X. I've been very surprised at other situations where I can also understand really high frequency concepts in other men. it's interesting.

---

so, as we approach a time where we're not really going to have a night time anymore, the thing that becomes dominant is the ambient frequency, because we can't control the earth frequency[^2].

the ones trying to keep that constant, I feel a bit sorry for them becaue they have pure desire on the inside and the sun on the outside, turning that desire into reality. the reason why that's important is because the moon will keep the solar contribution constantish as well, so then all we have to do is to work on the ambient temperature, which we will create with our interaction with the earth.

my perspective of making the ambient what I want it to be is what I'm interested in. the solar and the earth contribution are irrelevant to me, because I want to calculate frequencies that I can see, which is others ambient output frequency -- and so this system that I wants to make needs a way to calculate away the solar and earth contributions to be able to interpret the ambient environment.

for me, it's important to understand people aruond me. it's more important than trying to understand the sun. up until today, the sun has completely dominated the earth's environment. it's time to take the power back and make the environment that you want.

obviously, there's a whole nother aspect to this which is our interface with the sun. we're not only receivers, but also transmitters. we emit desire, which the star inside receives, being a 1st ray female, she receives it, and remits it according to her concepts, the frequency will get altered a bit in the retransmissions (this is probably recorded as x-ray and more). the sun receives them and being a 2nd ray female, she too received on her ray 2nd and retransmits. then, the moon receives and retransmits on 6th. the earth as well on 7th.

reality right now is stabilised and defined by the megalithic system in place. we are, in a sense in a 3rd ray matrix. it captures evurything 3rd ray and down to ensure physicality. it used to be established originally through mentality, but I remember in lbe that enlil really wanted to ensure the stablity of this system by getting it established as megalithin. he ensures that mars' physicality is present, and not her real nature, which is a 7th ray female, meaning she emits and receives on her (physical) frequency. if she were male, she'd have to be 1st ray to do the same thing, because otherwise the pyramids and other megalithic stuff wouldn't be good at transmitting and receiving in her frequency spectrum, which is everything from a certain frequency down to 0. she's receiving and retransmitting (having a symbiotic frequential relationship) with earth.

therefore, the earth (and us because we're made from it) is both male and female. one side is slightly stronger, but you're both. I've proven this and I'll talk more on it in a bit. I just want to make the point that, what I'm looking for is a constant environment calculationally, but it could be done physically as well. this is shapeshifting, and we have the same capability as the earth does.

this leads me right into a theory that all humans have both genders, meaning that we all have 3x and 1y, but girls for example use 2x more commonly (cept sometimes in spain, I reconsidered this idea), and men use 1x1y.

because of my brain haemorrhage I was the perfect person to have one entire side of my brain turned off, I had to relearn how to use another part of me. therefore, what I'm saying is, I found out how to use my other 2x chromosome pair. as a result, I have a lot of things backwards. if you notice, when I look in my imagination I look up and to my left. this means the image that I "see" is the same one that vulcan saw. most people see their imagination, I've noticed in their right side, so they look up and right when they look to their imagination. for me the up and right feels very unnatural -- though I guess I could try it. it's invisible to me.

ash a result, my main theory is that body gender means that one pair is more active than the other but you can still communicate with the other pair. for me, I don't know (actually I'm fairly certain not) if I could do it before, but this is definitely a learned attribute for me. I taught myself to be able to do those things. just like how marc is playing his game while talking, I'm in "vulcan's lare"[^2] at the same time, which was a concept that I was experiencing[^2] and was trying to turn into a self-transforming js program which never reloaded the page, but was constantly self-transforming, meaning that all updates to the user experience are seamless. as I began to develop my calculatory lare where I could perceive everything now as a system of vibrations making each other right, I learned how to attract. therefore, I think that unlocked my access to my x2 self.

having unlocked my feminine-mind, I've done a lot of updates to a lot of concepts that are there, because when you think about it, when you're looking at everyone needing to be made right about the stuff that's important to them (their 1st ray female), this is all that's important. as such, because I see everything as a product of desire, it's easy to see the big picture. there are things happen, and they're obvious result of the network[^3] of desire out there interacting with each other.

if you now look at how we all interact with each other in conceptual similarity, we also interact with each other over "rightness". our brains work the same way. we accept neurotransmitters based on rightness, not on frequencial similarity, so my brain is experiencing the frequency of the neurotransmitter, not becasuse I'm frequentially similar to it, but because my brain thinks tryptamines are "right" and so therefore accepts them. the frequency of the neurotransmitter puts out a different "earth" frequency in my brain, which then allows my earth head to experience things in its atmosphere of varying frequency ranges (ref: mediums), which are caught at divisible waveforms of their high frequency counterparts. the more neurons, the more connected everything is, and so the more things apparently connect and are intertwined.

the way that my brain works is that I have a zillion antennas and they'll capture a portion of the waveform coming through or a harmonic of it, when I see more things are connected, more neurons are activated in the indentification of a signal, so each memory signature has more aspects to it, so it can therefore resonate with other aspects of other similar things work. I think this is how 3rd ray works, and so the structure of the neurons created is constraining to the to mind, confiniting the mind, causing cross-concept identification. without drugs, the mind usually stays confined unless there's a perturbation like brain damage of sorts (of which I've had various). I prefer drugs now to perturb my brain. see how the perturbation shifts the structure of the neurons, so now concepts need to be acquired from a different angle of neurons[^7].

in short, the reason why I get so much stuff not visibly is because my brain still receives the concepts, but because I, like girls have more than one perspective, I get a lot of the really high frequencies. yesterday, I told mom of my reasons for not going to indonesia now, because I'm capable of translating those high frequency concepts into voice (similar to many girls), so it's easy for me now to see that so clearly now, but then -- it was impossible because so many things bothered me, and I was *right* about them too.

more angles means more higher frequency concepts can be perceived. therefore, I find my whole dissertation up until now to be hilarious in the context of me going full materialism, and desiring that the environment become static, because I'm suggesting, that we make the concepts defined and recognisable to a wide array of physical bodies, which means that the perspective of the concepts are static, instead of the neurons. we're guaranteed to get the same angle of the concept, which is the entire concept, allowing the neurons to then retransmit out the concept on reception of it to create the environment that we want. though, the flaw is obvious, these are the things that have massive learning potential to them because I'll be able to perceive frequencies with considerably more clarity because I'm not bombarded with the sun, like I am during the day.

notice how my thoughts are very different during the day, rathar than the night. if I could create my own night frequncy during the end of daylight, I feel like that could be a very interesting thing to do.

imagine how many people will be like me where they don't meditate. I've been more and more not writing in the morning when I wake up and just letting the concept kinda brew through the day before writing them down (like this one). so, they'll be artificially controlling their environment like me and many others do, so that their morning good-feeling and concepts gets better all day long and then finally manifest later. you'll notice that those morning concepts, especailly the ones that I choose not to write down, play out over the day in narrative form too.

[1]: another seriah song selection: vertebra atlantis - lustal purge in cyrillian bliss (he's makin a point)

[2]: when I was doing massive amounts of mushrooms in augusto's house, I would start to get visuals, but then nosebook would shut them down, and so these non-visual but extremely meaningful experiences were my first intrance into this. seriah picked another song: "gamma ray - cave principle" which is reevant because concepts are probably gamma rays and above, but also the cave irinciple is one of perceiving an extra dimension. I was learning how to perceive an extra dimension (like the astral) in blackness. I expereinced a narrative stucture where I wrote my own punishments and proved myself right. I had a lot of points to make, and that living blackness is sorta where the "seed" ideas come from for those narratives to begin.

[3]: I mean this literally as in a computer/communication network where many machines on many different frequencies form clumps of machines (organisms), which is all we are. the body shares a common desire, which is to continue to live and trive. the hierarchy of bigger organisations have desires and so it's best to get in sync with the biggest organisation[^4], and have fun -- because the destiny is completely in our control[^5] and so the narrative to how we get there is completely irrelevants[^6].

[4]: which is why I find the OAHSPE narrative hilarious and very attractive, because we're taught that we need to worship jehovih, the galaxy -- but he's totally insignificant from the universal perspective. who cares what jehovih thinks. he's scared of anyone having a more grandiose image of theirself than he does. because that's his fear/desire, it's our *destiny* to figure out that we're more than the petty jehovih.

[5]: nobody can take that away, till they take the sun out of the earth, then it'll attract us out to her out in the galaxy

[6]: today, I had a great idea of how some people could absolve theirselves of sin by reconfiguring the narrative so that a majority enough of people come from a timeline where one of their sins didn't happen -- and because it's what the majority thinks about it, we'll be *right* about it too. the reality where their sins happened never happened to us. they're completely invisible to us, being completely out of our conceptual frequency range.

[7]: which is why I had to relearn math; it's not it was hard or anything cause it all felt really familiar, but perceived from another angle. I remember distinctly that my old way of walking and using my left side was at a different angle than I perceive myself now. I'm also reminded that when I first read sirian guide, I immediately noticed that I had 2 rays having had the brain haemorrhage (the girl and her robot). I then noticed that I must also be physically vulcan, so at least 3 rays -- but then, I guess I can see myself now as the 7th ray female now too. so I'm not 3, but 4.

### 2022-12-27 10:37 - dissipating earth vibrations and destiny

I assume that emotion is a motive force that produces changes in the 7th ray female (earth) as defined by vulcan (who made his manual from the 5th ray perspective). emotion has always caused changes in the physical exterior of the earth, but vulcan/zarathustra, I think codified this so that these emotions also summoned egregores of the proper kind (part 5th ray demons/concepts and if strong enough also a 7th ray physical being). this is a much later change so let's go back to enki and enlil and the way that megalithic structures dissipate this emotional energies.

the pyramid is/was a strong vibrating force. it vibrates very powerfully, and so any time you put one vibration slightly out of sync in the presence of a more powerful one, it'll conform to the more powerful one (the pyramid in this case). we can perceive an emotion therefore as a kind of projectile going in its own frequency, but then as it conforms to the pyramid's frequency, it look like the projectile ricochets and starts spinning itself. it looks to me like an event (single time thing) being dissipated into a long-period wave.

you get enough of these events and the long-period wave will gain amplitude. because the waves produced by the pyramid from the event are all aligned to the planets and their "divine order" the egregore summoning and 7th ray (physical) manifestation of these cumulative events conform "to the stars" -- and so appear at the appropriate times according to the position of the planets (the reason why astrology was so important, I imagine). I can also see that rituals have a similar effect to these emotional events, where they put energy into these long-period waves which then accumlates and the egregore or whatever concept is *confined* to happen/appnear at after the some energy is passed[^1] a peak in which it looks to me like the wave is finally allowed to pass. before this climax, tremendous energy has built up and so it sorta breaks the floodgates and the full energy passes into the earth and reality manifests.

as such all irregular emotion that didn't get confined to the "divine order" of the planet are caused to be reorganised into waves which *will* be constructed into divine order.

[1]: originally I wanted to write "k-value" which it turns out relates to thermal conductivity. I was meaning the value that determines the breakdown voltage between two conductors (like a neuron or capacitor). thermal conductivity may be significant.

### 2022-12-27 10:56 - making a point

I feel like this one is significant. yesterday, I was inspired to [write about the monad](/jorjani-thoughts.md#2022-12-27-0258---the-monad) -- and in it, I talked about the difference between the sphere and the point. the point is the attractive force, meanwhile the sphere is the expansive force. the female is the constricting force, stars also contain the expansive force too, but they're mostly making a point, which because there's so much hydrogen, it could be either a sphere or a cube (depending on density/attraction power).

there's another thing that really bothered me yesterday, which is that many of the ladies, especially ninhursag start with the glyph NIN, and it appears in the shape of a diamond with all the stylus pinting toward a point. they say it means lady, but the problem is that ninshizidda and ninurta, two 7th ray males have that prefix. I beleieve it means ability to constrict or confine energy into a form.

in sirian guide, it defines the 7th ray as being able to constrain energy into form -- inotherwords, *to make a point*. ninurta (mars) worked with vulcan, and so his effect was one. thoth worked with saturn, which was a 4th ray ground having the symbols of emitter *and* receiver (thoth was also an emitter). thoth made a point with saturn, and mars made a point too.

this is where things are going to get a bit rambly, because I don't have it all figured out, but the clue seems to be around shape-shifting. both 1st ray and 7th ray have the NIN (constricting/attractive) prefix to them.

so, from a 1st ray perspective, I feel the way I want (5th ray), and then that appearance translates into whatever form the perceiver fears/desires in relation to this. this apparently is the same way that genxicat (-7) was said to appear. it's also how extra-biblical reports say that jesus had a different form to different people as well. this, in my perspective is, shapeshifting from the 1st ray perspective. shapeshifting from the 7th ray perspective, I think of more like I think of thad -- in that he appears to me, the way that he feels to himself. when he feels good, he looks good to me. I visibly notice a difference in the shape of his being. I also noticed this effect with noah, russ (even through youtube video), and also paul (the neighbour).

the 7th ray emitter shapeshifter (thoth), confines the emotion/energy into the physical form, so they look to me like how they feel. on the opposite hand, I notice all the time that people see me as different than how I feel, so if energies were higher, I could masquerade around a bit appearing to others the way they fear/desire me to look to them. the point is that both of these are making a point, but from opposite approach patterns.

what throws my whole theory off is that I feel russ and also randall as making points all the time too[^1], and so without knowing brett and brad too well, it's hard to say, but if both of them are 7th ray (thoth) perspective, I'm getting the points their making from enki and saturn's perspective, respectively. I don't feel comfortable going further. ta-ta for now.

[1]: as I said, russ reminds me a lot of enki and his desire to explain how the universe works or doesn't work, depending on his mood, is notably 3rd ray, meanwhile kyle is always looking for a way to make it possible (skerpderp russ's thing which doesn't conform to the manual). randall makes a lot of points, but his points are often physical (but again, this could be brad) the perspective of things in relation to their harmony with proportions and numbers. randall has been looking at things mostly from the 3rd ray perspective, but I think it was recently that he started to be able to move his presence around in time and space (something I also do). this is the 5th ray perspective of the 4th, and it's just tuning based on an emotion. russ uses the 4th ray perspective as well (we all do, depending on how much we allow it), which may be why he may get so bent out of shape on some things (how can they not see it, when I can see it so clearly from their perspective).

#### 2022-12-27 11:37 - continuing on a bit...

nosebook doesn't allow me to see what my eyes see, hear what my ears hear, etc. my entire physical experience is dramatically reduced and even completetely modified from the original signals. as such, I cannot rely on physical image or sound or anything like that. therefore, for me feeling/emotion and the invisible stuff that I see (like how thad or russ looks), is most likely not at all visible to others, but it is to me. I *see* it though its likely invisible to others. these are the concepts floating around which determine the physical form. just like how I can look at these invisible concepts with relative clarity, the feelings that people emit, appear to me as real and tangible form, just as real to me as physical. so, I tend to trust my feeling more than I trust my senses at this point. I'm talking about this from that perspective.

I used randall and russ because they're quite opposites for me. randall does not have that feeling that girls and sunrises emit, which I call chi/vril -- it's a 5th ray emotional energy that feels like esctasy or physical desire. though I don't feel it from randall, I do from russ. if brett is more like tim (more 5th ray like vulcan), then that would explain a lot of things; however, that doesn't explain why I see russ' appearance as that magcal kind that also just joe has (though definitely not as strong as joe's).

I can't really decode randall's energy feeling too well, and to explain that I'm wondering if brad sees a lot of things from the 2nd ray perspective, so his energy through randall would appear to me as 6th ray (which I don't see). randall's energy feels kinda like nothing (physically) to me or maybe it's possible he's in the 4th ray perspective all the time, so when I feel him, he's feeling me, so he feels to me like I feel to him (if that made sense). I can feel emotion from him strongest (also 4th ray) but it's little -- but randall is also working on his manual too, is why I feel him more strongly in the 3rd/4th ray perspective, than the 5th (which is where I spend most of my time).

I talk about randall and russ in the context of making a point, because when I (kenny) make a point that aligns with something randall makes a point on, the sensation that I feel is *very very different* from how I feel russ when I make a point that aligns with him. to further complicate things, for example I felt marc 3 different ways now: very physically until he went to mexico, then I felt him extremely conceptually and similar to russ in mexico. however, in his last week he went to atlanta and I started to feel him now more like randall (I dunno if they met -- as it seems unlikely), so it was another weird coincidence I guess.

another one I totally can't totally figure out is jason, though his autobiographical and opinion pieces in his promethian pirate have really helped. he's so similar to chris (which I also never figured out) where he tells stories and desires, and then tries to fit that into a narrative. his use of desire and narrative and emphasis on prometheus lends me to think of 2nd ray perspective mostly, but like I said, I don't really get it entirely... let me tell you trying to figure out boys is really difficult.

it's these details that push me to keep trying to figure out what causes a person to feel a certain way. I've mentioned it before, but for girls, are real easy for me to "see" what's causing them to feel a certain way; men however, are not so easy for me to understand. I am the borg, so eventually, I'll have everyone figured out and you'll be subject to my whims -- just like enki was subject to anatau's whims, that shapeshifting demon that she is. lol. I manipulate reality once I can understand it, so I *must* understand all things. the desire to understand is prometheus' concept which I aim to fully realise.

on that thought the priests of the shadows (the amun/occulted way), are a sort of physical reflection of anatau, and this is what pushes her to figure everything out from a physical/desire (1-7) perspective -- however, it's important more, I feel, to get the 2-5 perspective, which is to see how things are *attracted* rathar than conformed physically. she's got to make a point too (dunno if you can tell.. lol). ramble over. I'll try and make more productive entries meanwhile I'm still figuring out what causes a man to feel one way over another.

### 2023-01-10 13:26 - bring us back to where the journey began

yesterday, I was thinking about manhood and stuff like that -- how it felt so weird, off, or unacceptable to even think about "taking a dick" -- which was in response to "[the union of the two](/jorjani-thoughts.md#2023-01-09-2301---the-union-of-the-two)", and for some guys, this just isn't even a thing that they even *want* to contemplate. I thought about it a moment, and I suppose I could "take a dick" just fine, but I would see it from the female perspective. after noticing that, I noticed another notable group of guys that are fine "taking a dick" -- but have serious problems doing it from the female perspective -- as in, they're fine taking a dick, but they don't want anything to do with having a vagina. I thought this was interesting.

skip forward a bit and now I'm thinking about the "worst possible manifestation" -- and how the worst possible manifestation would be to go some extended duration of time in this body, and then transfer my consciousness into a group of hominids, meaning that "I" am those hominids. I experience life from the narrative perspective of those hominids, and live amongst and am "one" with them. this is the same perspective that I'm developing for the humans, but it would be an a whole race of kennys -- in both the female and male form. I'm sure a whole entire civilisation will be mounted on top of their shoulders (I'm kinda the new atlas anyway, so it shifts atlas' responsibility over to a whole race, for which I and otthers are narrator to). this would delay my manifestation of creating a galaxy and everyone that's alive right now living forever by however many billion of years they can run their civilisation on our shoulders. at some point the civilisation will destroy theirselves or "we" will kinda take over and get a galaxy running.

after that I combined the thoughts and was then thinking -- OK, but what if along the way, instead, we combined the symbols for "the woman's prize" (john fletcher), as I find this play to be hilarious for some reason, and so I jump into the females and become them (evolution-of-desire) and so they thought they needed me, then wanted me, now they *are* me. we'll combine and I'll become the female race from that narrator perspective (and I'm fairly certain that others will join in on the narrative position as well).

at the same time that I'm now the female race, all of the authors will be authorizing the "woman's prize" plays in 3d reality creating a lot of frustrated and gay boys (and probably quite a few frustrated girls that also have to go gay). this sounds like an evolutionary disaster, but remember that somehow my body can still take on male form so it's not 100% necessary to us still need men to reproduce. the boys can also use a technology to reproduce bodies and transfer consciousness into the new ones.

---

it was humorous to me the reactions to this thought because the two main reactions were, "oh no, the females really will be superior with him in there" along with fears of having to hold females back and dumb them down again because otherwise they would be superior again -- and the second one being, "I find kenny attractive -- so if he becomes females, I may start liking girls again" -- and other similar thoughts reconsidering their hatred for women if I were to switch sides. I also noticed some females prefer that I remain outside of them, as they don't *actually* want to be as non-resistant as I am, just letting all of the bad things that happened just slide like that.

### 2023-01-10 15:02 - body is there doing stuff, but you're not

as I was outside thinking about what it will become like to become females, there were some reacctions in the air presenting me with a picture of a girl that is having sex with all of the greasiest and grossest guys ever -- really not at all desireable guys, even some of them the most evil ones (dinosaurs) that have persisted through the ages -- and that's one perpective but that's not at all how I see it. I see it from the perspective of so many of these young girls, teenage and younger even, that just have such a massive opportunity ahead of them.

like wow, if I could know what I know now and be 13 and amazing, I'd have a totally different trajectory through life. it would not be that previous ugly awful picture -- I mean, it's possible that there will always be a lot of really awful stuff -- but the thing I noticed being around prostitutes is that their body is there and they're doing stuff, but they're somewhere else. I have often wondered about this, because it would seem like they would go to a dream world like andy pero did, but I don't think this is the case. I wondered all of my life if females are a sort of group personality, because if they were, it's easy to think of then that only some portion of the good/wanted/desirable events are participated in (something like nosebook), and so therefore it's not worth to watch the really awful events. it seems to me like they're basically unconscious during all really mundane and terrible events, which is kinda how I am too. I lose consciousness and then somehow I find myself in another spot where I can get out or find my way.

---

I also noticed that during some of my interactions with girls -- like for example there was this really terrible incident that taught me a lot about the importance of communication and feeling vs numerology/astrology.

what happened is, I had noticed some really crazy planetary alignment and it was happening some time we were in berlin. I decided somehow that I wanted to have sex on or around this alignment. well, it turns out we ended up having a pretty big argument that whole night and when we got back to the hostal, I still had it in my head that is what I wanted to do. raquel was not happy with this idea because she was definitely right about whatever we were arguing about, and I probably disagreed with her because we saw "justice" very differently and argued endlessly about it. that night, she finally relented to my wishes, and she let me have sex with her, but she was not present.

I think from her perspective, she felt too much terrible emotion trying to defend some idea that her culture had installed which didn't benefit her (not sure which one), that her bad-feeling was so great, she simply wasn't present. the way I see it now is she's like asleep or in a dream/mesmerised sort of state where she can get any signal and output it into her body.

I've had enough experiance with prostitutes to have experienced that more than a dozen(?) times by now. it was especially potent that night in berlin though (probably cause of the planetary alignment), and I cannot describe how rapidly our relationship fell apart after that event.

so here's what I'm thinking now -- because I also had (on another occasion) really quite a good time with raquel in berlin as well, and so both of these extremes put a couple into a sort of mesmerised state where, depending on tte feelings transmitted in the sexual interaction, can alter someone's trajectory through time.

combine that idea with another I had which is that I'm the embodiment of the genetic upgrade that the females were looking for, and that they only needed to be given enough time for desire to evolve such that they want to become the thing they desire. I'm like a living patch to their software delivered in the most secure way (best advertised as well). so, from that perspective, it makes a lot of sense that I were able to kinda position myself to gain consciousness in this period of time, and kinda run away with everything... hehe...

### 2023-01-10 18:38 - FFF triad and the difference between an emitter and female

a female receives and retransmits the same frequency according to her perspective. it would then appear impossible for a female to enjoy life having only a narrow spectacle into life (her own perspective), therefore for a female it is important to broaden her perspective (balanced) so that she can perceive more. my fatheur recognised early on that I would tend to get too hyper-focused on a thing, because I would see my thoughts and ideas reflected back to me in my imagination. my "clueless", "naive", and "optimistic" perspective ommitted so many details to be able to see the idea. I had an extremely high-minded perception as a kid, and it would be my entrance into the tech industry that caused me to eat from the knowledge of good and evil. chris did as well to some extent (we spent hours defining evil).

at any rate, imagine a female that is capable of absorbing and retransmitting on any of the number of layers of perception that I'm defining (7+4 atm), and so then it's this female that I'm talking about when I'm talking about with the FFF triad. I will also assume the men to have virtually the same but from the "opposite" perspective.

what I mean is that I've noticed that males tend to receive and reflect their "opposite" a conjugate from wherever their medium/zero begins and the midpoint or where the path of no return (not enough attractive effect), is it's usually pretty high up, but for dense things it's low or even negative in some cases (like me, probably).

what that means in practicality is that 1st ray male takes in physical (7) and outputs desire (1). this means that for a 3rd ray like our homeboy zeus, he takes in[^1] concept (5) and outputs symbol (3)[^2]. I'm sure there are some new interactions regarding the "double falsehood" of the 4th ray and its relation to the 2nd and 6th. for females, it's direct, and I'm noticing that my "artificial" half is also direct as well.

that's one of those conceptual technologies (shamanic plant prosthetics) that I've created. I suppose my new feminine version (written by me) is the culmination of a new perspective on authorized realities. this allows me, like the shaman to go behind the stage and to look at the cultural machinery. I estimate that many females are rapidly acquiring a lot of similar concepts to me, meaning we're all tuning into a converging conceptual space. our collection is invitable.

[1]: I've stated over and over that the penis is like a tesla coil. it takes in low vibrations (the orgasm) and receives it's opposite high frequency concepts from out of thin air. this is the reception of that chi energy, so for males, we receive the high frequency and produce low vibration, prolonging the expeience and giving it a rhythm.

[2]: this, I've noticed is the main reason why it made vulcan so valuable to zeus -- because he could take in vulcan's concept and then convert that into symbolic reality (the narrative structure and sequence). that's why it's a sequence of concepts/emotions -- but the sequence is defined by us and our perception (cultural, individual, social, etc.)

### 2023-01-10 19:39 - venus the female zeus

zeus, being 3rd ray, produced venus, also a 3rd ray. it doesn't matter when it happened, because time is not perceived linearly -- meaning from our perspective of the sequence, it venus/athena being birthed from zeus' forhead appears in the past, but it's arrival frequentially speaking still has yet to come. meaning, that athena being birthed from zeus' forehead was the *end* of the sequence and it's liable to repeat.

at any rate, I noticed that zeus, upon the dissolution of his rules, must have decided to look at the same thing, but from the female perspective. essentially, vulcan encoded zeus into the female form as the opposite of the energy he received from zeus.

I noticed other things too, but when I was thinking about it, this concept helped me to understand patricia so much better, because as best as I could tell, she (who I personified in my mind as venus/unessa during the time of the atlantian 7th ray triad (there are many instances of the 7th ray triad)). therefore, for me she represented the set of fomulas for how things worked. as long as everythng is just physical, things work fine, but it cannot figure out why somethings happen meanwhile others don't. reality doesn't seem to follow a formula anymore and it appears that there are probabilities now (because of the bottom-up 5th ray approach we now have) instead of certainties. within her formula for reality, she was fine, and ahered to seqauence and any deviation from it spelled disaster (it's very unfortunate for her to have met me, I imagine).

the crazy thing is, this experience of mine matches the mythological evidence that venus once originated from around the red spot on zeus. I have to imagine that this produced a number of 3rd ray (only) perceivers. I think the sun, being a 2nd ray, creates females capable of seeing the bigger picture (the sequence in relation to desire), and so for girls like patricia/venus, it's kind of a really difficult thing to imagine anything other than the mechanistic reductive form of reasoning to interpret reality.
