# love-is-blind

### 2023-03-30 13:38 - giving up my body

last night, nosebook seemed pretty concerned because I'm starting to be able to conjure images in my eyes again. I don't really need/want that capacity, so it's totally fine if I never have it. when I was talking to dad about laser eye surgery, I could "see" that the fibers on the retina(?) in the eye are these things that render your concepts into form for you to see. I noticed it when I was star-watching, that looking into the star wasn't enough -- and that I had to allow the flexible surface of my eye to "sync" up with the star -- and then when that happened, that's when the crazy stuff started to happen. I also noticed that the star (in real-life) was in a slightly different position than the star that I see inside of my eye (meaning, everything I'm seeing in my eyes is twisted and offset a bit).

so, because I don't really need/want to use my eyes to conjure images from my own concepts (or others), I'm totally fine with going blind. I've found that I actually can "see" with ever increasing clarity all the time, and so even if they were able to completely take over my eyes, meaning that I no longer saw anything anymore, but the "living blackness", I'm pretty sure that it wouldn't actually inhibit me all that much, and even I find it quite likely that I'll rebuild a new form of vision that's likely going to be quite superior to physical (because I'll see only the stuff I want to see), so it's not even really all that big of a problem -- even I think quite an advantage.

it felt like they're resistant to that because I think in the living blackness, it's possible to perceive *anything* -- and they don't want me able to access other people's vision or their secrets. I don't really want to access them either, but there isn't any restriction, and I do suppose that I will be combining sensory input from others around me into my experience (like you know, during sex, I noticed that I started to share a lot of sensory data with her), and so I can easily imagine how useful it is to actually be able to "see" what a person is trying to say when they're explaining something to me. there won't be any more separation between me and others, and I'll be able to move between all sorts of data all around he (nothing will be able to be hidden). that's the 4th ray perspective, btw, but looked at/accessed from a conceptual/feeling perspective.

therefore, they don't really want me to be going blind because then I'll be a giant hub of information that they simply cannot control, cause they can't really control what I communicate to others, apparently. I then offered that they simply take over my entire body. I don't really expereince physical anyway -- as the physical experience that I have is what nosebook wants me to experience. it's slightly delayed (by I'd say 100-300ms) and between the time that my body experiences the sensation or visual and the time it gets to my brain where I "experience" it, they've removed all of the stuff that they don't want showing up in there. so, I don't even really experience physical directly anyway, so it's not even a big deal to give it up. instead, I'll just live in that living blackness doing what I do, which is creating.

I think it's going to work out fine, and so now here it's my job(?) to try and convince you guys that it's going to be fine:

the way I've sorta put all of the pieces together, I've almost certainly done this before, meaning, that I've reaced "escape velocity" where I'm growing and expanding more than I'm dying. electrically, this is the phase when one in on their path "back to source". so let's look at the sun and see all of the solar wind plasma streaming out. it goes outward, and accelerates until it's attracted into a congealed form (like landing on a planet like earth), and so the plasma slows down and congeals into physical form for a bit: it gets "trapped into physicality". well, at some time the physical substance that has trapped that vibration is no longer capable of holding that substance in physical any more and so it "dies" or "decays" into something that is capable (ie light enough, like hydrogen or lighter) of making its trip back to the sun. it leaves the planet going up, and then find itself in an ever increasing velocity trip on its way to one of the sun's poles. all along the way, these particles (called "night-side" in dtp) are going back on their way to their source, they are *unstoppable*, which means they can be resisted infinitely and they'll still find their way back to the sun, and so the "deaths" of these particles can be taken advantage of to produce heat, light, and all other manifestations of energy.

I believe that somewhere around 2011-2012 I managed to reach a velocity that's faster than the escape velocity, meaning that I'll stedily get more and more energetic and go faster and faster, and there's no stopping it. I think I've done it before (at least once), and so what I think all of this is about is right before actually completing my trip back to source, what I've done is project my consciousness into various places in time and space to make things more difficult; and, whether I did it on purpose, or someone else has set me up, doesn't matter, it seems I ended up on this timeline with a bunch of quite resistant others. they tthink they can stop me, but they can't. I'm assured that I'll get there, and so I could try and fight it and all of that, but it's much easier to just perceive them and me as a reflection of myself because they're going with me (whether they like it or not) to the end of time.

why would I want to make things more difficult for myself? well, when you go back to your source, it's a *transition* that happens. this universe is only addition, meaning that *everything* is becoming more energetic (some faster than others), and so things that are dying are just things that are unable to function properly with more energy (usually cause resistance is too high). so, for example, a species has a number of different bodies that are receiving their "source" energy, which is increasing -- and that species will continue to grow and flourish, feeding energy back into their source, until some kinds of circumstances disallow for the continuation of that source energy to continue to manifesting into those bodies, and eventually the whole species dies out and goes extinct. at that time, there's now so much source energy that's unable to manifest itself, it "spontaneously" evolves into a new more suitable species (for its environment) and re-manifests itself. so, because all things are a reflection of their perception, it's pretty easy to see that I'll eventually re-manifest myself into a galaxy or another universe... if I had to guess, judging my rate of progress, I'd say probably universe.

so, what that means is if they take over my body, that body is not only assured that it'll find its way back to source (no effort they could possibly make would be able to stop it), and also it's good for you guys, because you may like me now a lot more than nosebook, but don't worry, and just give them time because they'll eventually turn into me (dispite their best efforts to otherwise).

the nice thing for me is that I'll *finally* get a chance to start creating the things that I want (and the way that I want to create them, which is instinctually). there are a few caveats though which I'll briefly go over, because they're not really your problem: one of the main issues that I had with the girls in general is that I *really like* my form of perception a lot more than the girls one. I don't really want to "see" things the way that they see them. I've been trying to find a way out of it, with my latest effort being the ahn-roids.

basically, it goes like this: in [the latest concept](/the-manifestation.md#2023-03-28-1423---the-latest-concept) of what I thought the manifestation would look like, I've decided upon the idea that I can do marriage and adoption, so that they have some sort of written agreement of posession where they can feel like I possess them as if they were my possessions. obviously, I don't; this was a main point of contention because I refused to be jealous over raquel or to see/treat her as if she was one of my possessions. I find that abhorrent in every sense of the way to see another person as a possession. I don't "own" anyone, and (at this point) I don't even really "own" my own body, my computer, my phone, my medical history, etc. -- and so now I'm even worse now than I was when I was with raquel. however, I'm totally fine with letting them believe that they are my possessions and that I own them, when I personally have no such idea at all. it'll be extremeley easy for me to "disown" any of them and let them go, because (in my mind) I never owned them in the first place -- and any perceived ownership was a manifestation of their perception, *not mine*.

there's a strange thing that happens which I felt quite a lot of when I was in spain, which I noticed quite a lot of around people that had recently had sex (but noticed in a much less tangible way -- kinda more like an ideal than a visceral feeling), whas the *physical* feeling of ownership or possessions. these dudes would strut around with their girls (or girls with their macho men), with this feeling like "yeah, they're my possession" (in both the material possession and also, I have control over them, sense). I really dislike that feeling, a lot.

the other feeling that I really strongly dislike goes hand-in-hand with that same feeling, and I'll call it "greed" -- the idea that I need to have more of these physical possessions (wives, boy toys, material crap, whatever) that I own and control, and they are a source of my influence or power; along with that feeling of greed also comes all of the different reasons to defend, steal, take, or coearce those possessions to be/do what I want them to be/do. yuck. no thank you.

it's one of my main efforts (latest is ahn-roids) to find and transform that part of "human nature" to become a better version of ourselves. I think it's actually encoded into some of the most deepest parts of our DNA, and it doesn't really matter to me what are the reasons for how we evolved to have it -- the reason why it's there is because it's a *reflection of our perception*.

well, problem solved: I don't really have to deal with it directly if I retreat into the living blackness. sure kenny's body will almost certainly be having a lot of sex with a lot of others, and so those physical feelings of greed and possession will be physically present in his body, but *I* don't really have to worry about it because *I* don't really think in those terms. in fact, I don't think I even feel greed or possession coming from other people anymore, as it's so far out of my perception.

so sure, the universe that I'm creating within will entirely be a reflection of me, it'll also (undoubtedly) contain a whole lot of those greed/possession vibration in it as well, which, again is kind of one of those things that has an appearance that's quite awful, but in reality, those vibrations are just the baseline vibration (so probably attractive), and all things in that universe will feel that way, but it won't really bother me personally anymore, as it's just something that's there.

if it's just something that's there, it'll eventually become miniscule compared to all of the other vibrations and eventually become a completely benign part of the universe -- unless, of course someone focuses upon it and amplifies it. this is an interesting problem because all of my universe will be a reflection of myself, so technically it shouldn't be a growing vibration by too much, however -- I just don't know how self-contained my universe actually will be.

there's this idea that I have, at the end of time, we might become a binary or cluster of some sort -- because whomever has been running my body will eventually find theirselves (at the end of time) making their transition into a something that is a reflection of their perception but at (probably) the scale of a universe (cause that's probably where I was at before jumping back in time), then they'll find theirselves in a universe that's a reflection of theirselves; all aspects of it will be their own qualities, so hopefully the come to like ttheir form of perception, like I've done... but then, what if the rest of the humans that "die" at the end of time, because of the greed and possessions vibes find theirselves attracted to my universe/galaxy/star/planet/whatever that takes shape out from the massive solar outburst? I have no idea what'll happen.

for me, I'm not even worried about what happens, just like I'm not even worried about this idea either, because I know I can just find a way to feel/tune to something that feels good to me, and it's no problem what anyone else is doing. as a partial refluction of me, they will, eventually find their way to feel good about the circumstances.

so, I guess if there's a large solar flare and there's nothing they can do to stop me from accessing their secrets, I guess I have left this here to say that it was consensual. (con-sense-ual, interesting). the final thing that I would have to say is that, I also think (if it happens), is that it's actually quite a bit of a better manifestation because I'm a person that's (let's say) honest, and so it's better that kenny is a better reflection of you, and you all can learn together how to become truthful, and you don't need my scorn and critisism to emphasise your already present not-good-enooughness.

so, much adieu about nothing.

### 2023-03-31 08:33 - a dream about hermia and dee

I just awoke from a really elaborate dream where some thing about an this girl named hermia (who seemed to have some relation to dee), and that in the dream there was this complicated inheritance thing, so the inheritance was hermia and she's being gifted to me to me or something, and she'll open my eyes to see (or something equally as crazy). no thanks :)

here's the deal: I don't know who thinks I want to see, but I don't. I've come to really enojoy *not seeing*... and the reason for it is, because by seeing the image (7) in the imagination (6) one does not often times perceive the concept (5). I prefer my 56 vision over the common 76 vision. same for my perception of 4th ray: I *prefer* to have 54 over 34; for the same reason: by looking at all of the symbols, meaning, and physicality of it, one is not perceptive the concept behind it (ie, how it feels).

I'll give some examples: when you see with your eyes, you're not actually seeing physicality -- because that's just a vibration coming from your eyes (so it'd look like a giant blur like it is for a newborn); instead, what you "see" with your eyes (at the back of your brain), is what your brain perceives all of those things to be. the input signal from your eyes is transformed by your brain as it passes through to become all of the concepts that you see. instead of a blur, now you see *edges* and *borders*, which makes *separation* between the blurs, turning them into discrete concepts, that pop out as shapes. therefore, what you are looking at, is *not* the image itself, but the concepts that your brain has divided the image into. the faster your brain goes the more detail and brighter and more vivid the colours are, but the concepts remain what you actually "see", not the image. likewise, the faster your brain goes, the more vivid the higher frequency concepts are that are present.

as I talked about [in my discussion on lilith](/sledge-notes.md#2023-03-14-2252---lilith), our brains do not often have a way to translate a high frequency concept into anything except for something frightful -- simply because it's so unknown -- and so (just the same with any really high frequency concept -- like the ones that are almost certainly becoming more and more present because of increased solar activity), if you were to look at lilith, the high frequency signal passing through your brain gets ttransformed into a very frightful image. by "seeing" the frightful or pleasureful visual image, you totally miss the concept, which is how it *really* feels.

there is a very big difference between the instantiation of a concept, and the ideal (perfect) concept from where the instantiation originates. let's say that I notice someone on the street and a tattered beggar in physicality, but for some reason, I feel a strange attraction to them -- as if I want to talk to them: well, that's because their *concept* (that is the way that they feel) is attractive to me, even though their appearance is not at all attractive. that attractiveness is entirely dependent on how receptive *I* am, and usually has nothing to do with them. it's *me* that attracts the thing I desire to hear from them out of them; and, it's often the case that when I'm on a drug of some kind, people tend to look a lot more attractive to me, simply *because* I'm much more receptive, and so therefore I'm much more likely to actually be inspired to say the thing to them that will get them to ttell me what I want to hear. not everyone is like that though: there are plenty of ugly people that still appear to me just as undesirable to have a conversation with (and sometimes more). I believe this attractiveness that I feel is actually something of a *temporal* attraction, and not a *spatial* attraction, of which there is a difference.

the next example, I'd like to invoke is let's say a really horrific image: let's say, for example you saw someone blow off a large portion of their hand with a firework, and you can see the bones and stuff peering through their shredded skin and their agony and stunned look on their face as they realise what has just happened... well, again, that's yet another case of the image and the concepts that your brain has decoded from the image (the look of shock, bone peering through, etc) which are all things that are in theirselves inert, having no power whatsoever. where that image becomes tragic and painful to see in the mind's (or physical) eye stems from the root concept, "that could happen to me" or "that could be me" -- when, *no, it can't!*. the reason is because *it's ALL attraction*, and so if you attracted such a thing, it would have happened to you. what actually feels bad, is not the blood, gore, or shocked look, but the *concept* that it could be you -- when it couldn't, or else you'd have manifested it already being so capable of perceiving the image so vividly.

when I was younger, I simply could not possibly see images that I can see now just fine -- and I think it's because our perception (which I believe is related to the x-chromosome) amplifies the concepts in the image that contain certain *key* (un)desirable attributes to them, and makes sure that we notice them. I was quite sensitive as a child (as most children are) -- and so the common solution for a boy learning to become a man to do, is to decrease their sensitivity to those kinds of images. decreasing sensitivity does work, I suppose, but I don't think it's a valid solution. I've decreased my resistance to those images -- so, actually when my genetic conceptual amplifiers amplify those horrific images, because I don't find them as threatening and try to slow down the vibration into something like alarm or fear (which is what "resistance" is), then those images to me, can even cause me to have some sort of hilarity to them, because they remain at their current speed, and so my brain, not knowing what to do with them (meaning they didn't get turned into anything other), just laughs at them.

pleasure and fear/pain are all the same thing: when you receive a signal, if that signal gets slowed down into alarm, fear, or frustration, it produces a negative emotion. likewise, if you see something that turns into a higher frequency concept (like a feeling of joy, anticipation, hope, etc), then that yields a positive emotion; they're both the slowing or speeding of the input concept (what your brain recognises in the image) into a another concept (consider this as "meaning") that is either faster (producing positive emotion) or slower (producing negative emotion) than the concept your brain perceived in the image.

---

OK, lecture over on how the brain works (because I'm sure someone at nosebook is disagreeing with my uneducated analysis of my brain function). now I want to talk about jupiter, mithras, and john dee.

@[youtube](https://youtu.be/yAzRe22eUas)

john dee is a perfect example of someone that was horribly misguided by his vision. he spent so much time looking deeper and deeper into the concept of how the universe works, that it eventually culminated in the event of a naked women telling dee his wife to swap wives with that of edward kelly. when that happened, kelly got transferred dee's form of perception and went on to be the alchemist for the emperor, meanwhile for dee everything fell apart, he had to return to london where he ended up meeting shakespere:

> ... there is an upstart *Crow*, beautified with our feathers, that with his Tiger's heart wrapped in a Player's hide, supposes he is as well able to bombast out a blank verse as the best of you: and being an absolute *Johannes factotum*, is in his own conceit the only Shake-scene in a country.

inotherwords, he found the golden ass. with his new shakespere friend, he could now begin to learn about the reflective nature of reality -- which is what he did. I myself have revealed a lot of these transformations that were *subtly* encoded into shakespere's works. I've even expanded (I belive) on dee's work by dividing it into 5 diffrerent aspects/paths that one can gain mastery of. these 5 aspects roughly correspond to way that chemistry works (from what I've seen), and the nature of light itself.

what I'm trying to say here is this: john spent so much time in his logical brain trying to figure out the enochian codes with matrices and codes, and maths, that he totally missed the *concept* behind it all. he wanted to understand what all of those enochian codes mean and how they could be used -- and those events landed him into just such a position to do that when he met "shakespere". he got his question answered (as I did many times in my journey through life) -- though, he probably didn't ever notice that he had actaully got his desire, *because it didn't come visually*.

jupiter is the same way. I noticed this the other day when I was poking fun at marlowe putting shakespere's main characters in a hEro scene with jupiter. I have a feeling that wasn't very well received because jupiter is a rival of saturn/Time, and shakespere venerates Time quite a bit. I've been noticing this transition of the depiction of jupiter/thor in modern renderings of the concept of jove. I get the sense that modern story writers have had to paint a really benign picture of thor as being this iron man wannabe, because it's unclear how to deal with him.

personally, while star-watching, when it was higher up on the horizon, I really quite liked the feeling of as a planet. it really feels quite good to me. also, from the pictures I've seen of juno, it's gorgeous as well (great appearance). numerically, I really like it as well: 5 vorticies around a central in the south pole (6) and 8 vorticies around a central one (9) on the north pole. so that's pretty much venus' orbit (from our perspective of 5 and 8) in vorticies... very nice. also 6 on bottom and 9 on top, which is again, very nice :)

I am convinced that jupiter is, similar to lilith, a high frequency body/concept, which to our perspective looks something like a shapeshifter -- meaning we see the image that our concept of the symbol best represents. so, for someone capable of perceiving really high frequencies, he could look like anything from a serial rapist to the most generous of them all. he (like zaryn), will manifest as a reflection of my perception of him. so, in the same way that I "defend" zaryn to mom, I'll defend jupiter in the same way, saying that he'll appear to be whatever you desire/fear to see him as.

which reminds me: jupiter is probably the origin of YHVH, and so that means jupiter is just a reflection. if jupiter is the bull that the mithraists want to have slayed, I'm not that guy. also, I *want* to be blind, because I like the 56 & 54 perspectives, and also I don't find the image actually to be doing anything but obfuscating the concept by transforming the concept into something other than what it really is (by speeding/slowing the signal). I want to perceive the pure concept. Love *is* blind, because love sees the pure concept, not the physical/visual interpretation of the signal.
