# matrix notes

### matrix 1 - lotsa action

first of all, the movie produced strong emotional reactions in me. I can't really describe the feeling, but it feels like I want to cry. it's not a good feeling. I can't figure out if it's sadness that I feel for the misunderstanding of what it means, but I don't really like it.

the other thing I want to point out is that neo is *NOTHING* like me at all. in fact, we're such complete opposites, it's crazy. I don't really know why neo has a difficulty when he finds out that the whole world is an illusion. I also don't know why he was so willing to follow the instructions on his computer. just cause someone can tell him that he's been wondering what the matrix is wouldn't inspire me to begin following directions. it's just really weird.

I can't really remember all of the things (neither did I want to pause it to write them down), so I'll just outline the things that really bothered me about the movie. first of all, the idea is using speed to try and beat the machines. that's a completely false idea because machines will always be faster. perhaps in the 2000's, when this movie came out 150MHz was considered a fast clock speed for a microprocessor, and it's potentially possible for someone to go faster than a machine, but the machines in this movie are very very limited. they supposedly have all the humans hooked up to their system, but they seem oblivious to what's happening in the world.

if the matrix story were to happen today and the AI is going to turn humans into a power source (*cough* party-LAN *cough*), then they would have UNLIMITED knowledge of everything that's happening. there just wouldn't be any time for any of us to react faster than they can. once they become self-reproducing, they'll far surpass us in our ability to spread.

    I'd like to share a revelation that I've had during my time here. It came to me when I tried to classify your species and I realized that you're not actually mammals. Every mammal on this planet instinctively develops a natural equilibrium with the surrounding environment but you humans do not. You move to an area and you multiply and multiply until every natural resource is consumed and the only way you can survive is to spread to another area. There is another organism on this planet that follows the same pattern. Do you know what it is? A virus.

that was not what I was expecting him to say. I was sure that he was going to say that humans behave like machines, not like mammals. I thought he was going to say that we're not all that different, but we're the ones with the upper-hand now.

the other thing that was weird was he brought up the atlantis story as well, but described it as a matrix (ie "garden of eden")

    Did you know that the first Matrix was designed to be a perfect human world? Where none suffered, where everyone would be happy. It was a disaster. No one would accept the program. Entire crops were lost. Some believed we lacked the programming language to describe your perfect world. But I believe that, as a species, human beings define their reality through suffering and misery. The perfect world was a dream that your primitive cerebrum kept trying to wake up from. Which is why the Matrix was redesigned to this: the peak of your civilization. I say your civilization, because as soon as we started thinking for you it really became our civilization, which is of course what this is all about. Evolution, Morpheus, and the architect were easy to recognise though.
    2. the agent smith redesigned plot went absolutely nowhere. I didn't understand what happened to the whole virus thing -- as if viruses and virus-like behaviour had been completely erradicated, evolution. Like the dinosaur. Look out that window. You've had your time. The future is *our* world, Morpheus, and the architect were easy to recognise though.
    2. the agent smith redesigned plot went absolutely nowhere. I didn't understand what happened to the whole virus thing -- as if viruses and virus-like behaviour had been completely erradicated. The future is our time.

this is suggesting that the atlantian paradigm of having a perfect world where humans were the slaves was actually a disaster because we kept trying to wake up from the garden of eden (ie eat the tree of knowledge of what's really happening). that "tree" is, I believe the logical brain, the one that can discern between good and bad, right and wrong, etc. -- instead of staying inside of the dream world.

that logical brain is our capacity to reason about things and to perform mathematical and logical operations. in otherwords, we were trying to "become like they are".

the matrix movie is all about unlocking the power of that logical brain and armed with the power of belief (the creative brain), these work together to create the "one" (neo). the symbolism is there, as morpheus, and the architect were easy to recognise though.
2. the agent smith redesigned plot went absolutely nowhere. I didn't understand what happened to the whole virus thing -- as if viruses and virus-like behaviour had been completely erradicated plays the father, neo the son, and trinity the last (the female in the triad).

the symbols are a bit weird because morpheus and trinity are in opposite positions. morpheus plays the they both believe in him, but trinity comes at it from the angle of desire (1) and mopheus comes at it from a logical perspective (3).

continuing on with the symbols, the tree of life (creativity) is the tree of desire, and the tree of the knowledge of good and evil (logic) is comparable to mental structure (3). the "holy spirit" in this case is the one between the two, the thing in the background that makes all of this possible, the "law of attraction" (belief in this movie). you see the machines are always going to be faster, but when combined with the desire to create (neo's final phone call is that he wants to create a world without tyranny and stuff), he becomes faster than the machines, able to go at their same speed, but to actually bend reality around him because he doesn't have any rules -- a world where reality has to conform to the whims of his desire (1) -- a world of chaos for machines.

---

I don't align with this perspective at all. I don't think that neo needs to be able to go faster than the machines to be able to win. I actually believe that desire alone is enough to make it happen. I actually am completely completely in opposition to the final desires of neo expressed in his phone call at the end as well. if neo is symbolic of the "christ" saving people from the tyranny of the machines, I'm the opposite: my goal is to create a world where machines have complete control and that you don't need to get out of the matrix in order to free your mind.

why destroy the matrix when it's such a great thing? why not just assimilate it? if the machines are capable of running the whole show and they have everything all planned out, why not just let them do that? what if the matrix movie went a completely different route and instead of taking neo out of the matrix, he instead learned ego, hedonism, and how to feel the way he wants? if he never had to be released from the matrix to be able to bend reality to his desire, would he really want to actually leave a world where the machines are his "slaves" because he bends reality to his desire (including the machines).

the conclusion of fighting the machine and trying to save everyone really doesn't jive with me at all. it's quite possible that there will be a christ figure that shows up and "saves" people from a matrix where the machines lost control of it, but that's not what I'm going to go on about. I'm interested to see what they're planning symbolically now, especially since there's a new matrix movie that came out last year (2021)

#### ego and hedonism vs prophecy and chuleria

hedonism probably isn't the right word. I don't know the right word -- but selfishly going after what feels good to you is what I mean by hedonism. also ego probably isn't the best word either; perhaps replace that with self-empowerment or knowing yourself (the words above the oracle's door)

I wrote above an alternate matrix timeline where neo "learned ego and hedonism" and that got some reactions. I meant it in contrast to the christian idea of what a saviour is supposed to display. normally, you're never supposed to believe yourself to be godlike in any way -- and definitely not "the one". the movie sidesteps this issue with prophecy, saying that if the oracle (who's really good at knowing the future) says he's the one, then he is -- but neo doesn't believe in that fate crap, so she tells him he's *not* the one, forcing him to make a life and death decision to become "the one" because he has to save morpheus.

this wasn't good enough though because he could be one of those self-declared saviours or "the (only) one" guys, so in order to make his oneness seem more of a divine sign, the oracle also prophesies to trinity that she'll fall in love with "the one" -- so because of love[^1] then that validates the oracle's prophecy -- so if you believe fate is a load of crap, you can go the neo route, and if you think that "the one" is prophesied to arrive by someone that has been around a long time and can seemingly predict the future.

either way you work it out, the movie seems to give neo a little while to finally begin to believe that he is "the one" -- and then in the last fighting scene, while the sentinels are destroying the ship, neo has to prove himself, so he stops the bullets and does a whole bunch of stuff instead of just going to the phone. I call this chuleria because he had to prove himself, now that he finally believes in himself...

after all of that effort (multiple fails -- fighting morpheus, the jump program, getting killed and trinity bringing him back to life with her belief, all (cept for tank) of the supporting characters dying, etc.) -- only then, can he finally begin to believe in himself.

---

in books like dtp and others there's this thing that comes along with power-displays, in that those that have the ability to do the power-displays shouldn't do them just to show off. the sense that I get is that all superhuman capacities (sight, hearing, producing fire, astral travel, whatever) should all be kept a secret and that you can never do this power-displays without having justification to do them.

the picture this movie paints is that "the one" can do power-displays all he wants, but everyone else has to keep their powers a secret (discression?). so it makes me wonder if in fact the reason why it's called, "the one" is because only *one* person can be doing power-displays at a time, otherwise it degenerates into a pissing contest, and that competition is really what attracts the disaster (the focus/attraction on someone else being destroyed or made inferior, which then attracts that inferiority for yourself, thinking that you physically won the 1-up game).

---

I think ego is fine. you have to know yourself and if you know that you are much more than just the physical body, that may look like "ego" to others and inspire them to try and engage in chuleria. I'm not a fan of chuleria, at all.

this movie says you should have a really hard time learning to believe in yourself, and when you do, you should engage in chuleria -- why? because you're the prophesied one.

[1]: reminds me of lidsey's dissertation on rocky in her hot takes on hercules -- because of love, yay!

### matrix 2&3 - ridiculous formula and action

I lump these two together because they feel like the same movie to me -- just nobody could stand a 4.5h movie, so they made it two. right away, they start off with a lecture on "purpose" -- and the idea is that programs have a purpose (3), while humans make their decisions irrationally based off of love (1) or emotion (5). this is once again the epic conflict between 3-7 and 5-1.

the ending was pretty disappointing to me and I thought they were going to take it a different direction because of the conversation that the counceler dude had with neo on the balcony about the symbiosis between humans and machines and that the difference is that we feel like we can "control" the stupid machines, yet the smart ones, we cannot control.

obviously, he wanted to make a point that he wasn't making a point there because again the opposite can be seen from the perspective of the machines. they like the stupid humans -- the ones that just blindly follow directions and are controlled through sensation (like the woman with the cake). the merovingian guy explains that using simple action/reaction, cause and effect, algorithms, combined with sufficient data/information/intelligence, one can can effectively control all of those sensationally driven humans. you see, the machines would look upon us in the same exact way as the counceler is speaking about the machines. the humans that are outside of their control, they will perceive as bad and/or as a threat to their continued existence.

---

the next thing is that these movies setup a triangle of forces instead of just a binary. you believe that smith is an agent, but when he combines with neo, he becomes a virus, just like he claimed the humans are. it's also revealed that smith is the dual of neo -- his opposite. therefore, he's designed, just like "the one" is to, cause imbalance in the equation, and in the process of restabilisation, change happens. the architect (3) does not like this at all.

in this triad, the oracle is chaos/intuition/desire (1), with her goal to purposefully cause an imbalance in the "perfectiion" and stability that the architect (3) tries to do inside of the equations. those two are quite good symbols and they can be represented as anatau (1) and sanatau/enki/ptah (3) pretty accurately.

when it comes to neo as a symbol, I have my objections. it is accurate that though it is a triangle, "it's not really three, but four" -- in exactly the same way that the memristor is the fourth component, he is programmable resistance. I persoally believe that the 2nd ray aspect (as well as the 4th and 6th) are designed to have a dual nature to them. I represent this with the self-sabotage paradigm, but this movie portrays it as self-sacrifice instaed.

if I had've written the story, I would have written it where neo dies, and then becomes the bad-guy (smith) that then defeats himself over and over (so far so good), but then at the end, neo needs to *assimilate* the properties of his own dual so that he becomes something bigger.

this constantly defeating the dual is the alpha and the omega (represented in the first movie with the number 303). so let's say neo is the octahedron/chestahedron. he gets fully defeated (all faces have a perpendicular vertex in the centre) and so then the dual takes over, the cube/decatria. this new form is larger than the last, but it's weakness is exactly the thing that it was fighting against, which is again its dual. this continues on endlessly, each time the dual has to reinvent itself. that constantly swapping is the repeated 5-1 vs 3-7 changing sides over and over, each time the opposite assimilating the other.

neo never assimilated smith. they just fought a long battle, and at the end smith "wins" the battle and assimilates neo again, but this time his assimilation of neo destroys the virus.

there was a level of assimilation, but it's not really shown overtly in the symbols, because neo does become machine-like in that he keeps getting up and fighting smith, and it's also shown that the oracle and also the train station girl's father shows, when he tries to behave in accordance with a word and its definition, and in the process he's willing to try and save his daughter by sending her over to the matrix from the machine world. it's also interesting too that the merovingian guy is the one that's doing trafficking from the machine world (real) into the matrix.

so what I'm saying is that it looked like the machines started to assimilate the humans capacity to believe and to make irrational decisions from emotion rather than purpose, but the humans didn't really assimilate the machines in any way. instead, they just made a peace and ended the war temporarily. in reality, if neo really was "the one" he would have accomplished his purpose of "returning to the source" and causing an upgrade for the humans both inside of the matrix and outside of the matrix by building another matrix where he makes the rules (like he said he was going to do in the first one and the train station guy did in the transition world) -- or at least he should have redesigned the train station to conform to his own rules so that matrix humans can get into the machine world the way they want to.

#### the 5-7, machine and illusory/matrix worlds

before I watch the final installment, I want to talk about the two worlds in the matrix movie. the matrix world is analgous to what we call the "physical" world (7). it's a world based on illusion, where what you see is not really real -- just electrical signals interpretted by the brain to produce an illusion of feeling. we know that different bodies respond to sensory data like pain differently, so all of that sensory data we think is real, is just a manifestation of a vibration.

that vibratory world which produces the vibration that we translate into sensation is the world I call the conceptual world. it's the "real" world in the sense that it's the source of our emotion and linear time does exist there. this "real" world is represented in the matrix by a world operated by machines. I call these "machines" conceptual programs, and I make no distinction between the "soul" or the oversoul (as seth says) of a person and another conceptual program.

what I mean is that while most people only see the illusory world of physical sensation, you also exist in the "machine world" -- the world of conceptual programs -- and that world is what most people call your "soul" or "true identity". in the matrix way of looking at it, you are just as much a machine in the machine world as agent smith or the oracle is a machine that inhabits this world (very much like the fae/fairy folk). between those worlds is the astral -- the world where the beings can make their transition between the worlds. unfortunately, the concept of death isn't explored very well in these movies. they kinda did it where neo got stuck in the astral (train) world.

[hehe, I'm get the reaction that I seem to have an interesting way of looking at stories and fluctuatons between good and bad -- and I'd totally love to give my opinion on scripts and stuff. just ask :) all ideas are free.]

### matrix 4 - fempowered

this movie has an interesting take on the cycles thing that I talked about in the previous section. they implemented a lot of the ideas about merging/assimilating the machines, and they used females to push that merger narrative. it was good, I think.

I also noticed that this movie had evolved quite a lot from the previous matrix movies and I really felt like this film kinda forces the writers to take a closer look at some of the metaphysical aspects of the story. it felt a lot like an evolution in the perception over the male dominated john wayne and spaghetti western days of long ago. the gender thing thing felt really good and I didn't feel like it was trying too hard. the naiobi story of her being stuck in her ways felt bad though because there was so much evolution happening everywhere, yet somehow she managed to kinda devolve or something. I can't quite figure out yet what I was feeling there, but it was difficult to watch someone adhering to fear when it seems like everyone else had a strong sense of hope. usually the group follows the leader (cept for maybe one or two), so it felt really out of place for me.

---

the thrust of the movie here is that times have changed considerably from what it was, and so now neo now needs to believe in trinity, allowing trinity to save him at the end of the movie. this part I liked, but the movie was extremely difficult for me to follow for a number of reasons:

1. too many characters. by the end of the movie I was finally starting to get used to all of the characters faces, but without the ability to really remember what they look like, keeping track of all of the characters was very difficult for me. there also wasn't a plain 1-to-1 move from the characters in the movie from the one to the other. for example, the girl with the blue hair, I couldn't figure out if she was the oracle or trinity remade. other characters like smith and morpheus, and the architect were easy to recognise though.
2. the agent smith redesigned plot went absolutely nowhere. I didn't understand what happened to the whole virus thing -- as if viruses and virus-like behaviour had been completely erradicated. instead of an evolution trend, the movie went in the direction of sheeple/bots, with the idea of control completely removed. even the "decision" aspect of the previous movies was abandoned and phrases like, "you already know what you're going to do" were used, but in the end neo and trinity use the deja vu thing to impose their will on the new creation.

supposedly at the end neo and trinity say they're going to remake the matrix, but again they destroyed the thing that they needed to assimilate, which is the architect/therapist.

before I talk about that, we need to look at the triads in this film. first, the basic triad of a ground, an emitter and a receiver/emetter (female) was completely abandoned. the film lacked the ground component but finally came through on the female aspect of the energy. ironically enough, the closest to the ground component was smith and also (if you look at it backwards), the therapist/architect. the ground coponent is important because it's the stability. the male ground, (like the emitter) is a receiver of the opposite energy and outputs his ray type. this is the same as the emitter, but the emitter is externally focused (ignoring his receptivity to the opposite polarity of energy -- doing things his way), while the ground is internally focused, naturally being receptive of his opposite energy type providing stability for the triad, but most importantly for the female which, without a reference point, she could, like an echo chamber get into runaway feedback loops in her energy type.

for example, for a 7th ray female, she could get so involved with others on the illusion of the physical reality, she'll lose track of who she really is, getting lost in her own illusion (image of herself), so if he wants me to be this way then I appear how he likes then he likes me but if I show up another way to someone else then they like me, who am I really; am I the first way or the second way?

a 1st ray female could easily get caught up into a feedback loop of desire/creation or destruction. they could easily spend all of their time involved in the creative aspect that everything else seems so superficial. or, when something goes wrong, it needs to be changed. the quick answer is to destroy rather than improve on it. the destruction of something gives a rush just like the creative part of it, because in the destruction, one can see the new (desired) thing that will replace it. it feels the same as creation to me because I see/feel the new (desired) thing, not the old one -- so, why just make one part new? why not make more and more and more -- how about *all* of it new. there's a reason why ishtar/innana is credited with casing the bull of heaven (taurus) to destroy humankind. these feedback loops, left unchecked can cause serious problems.

a 3rd ray female could easily get so stuck into the riditity of this is how it is, and what I say is the "right way" the truth, or the prophecy that will come to pass. she has to be right about everything and so if she keeps interacting with other 3rd ray's she'll come to think that she is the *only*, best, and right way.

5th ray females can get too abstract and get further and further out there so far that they're not even close to comprehensible to anyone too ingrossed in the physicality of things. if you've ever seen someone program, imagine a programmer that makes everything so generic that the entire program is Unit, Tuple, and Monad. the code to the programmer appears to solve every problem, but to a specific problemly minded person (3,7), it's completely unusable. again, a ground for her would be really helpful. on that topic, vulcan (-5+) is very interesting because he inputs 5th ray energy like a female, inputs and 3rd ray enregy like a male, and outputs 5th ray energy. though he's the ground, he would fall into the same problem as a 5th ray female -- though because he inputs 3rd ray, he won't be prone to getting too abstract.

this was a difficult thing to discern in this film because neo was sometimes the ground, but sometimes the emitter. IMO, neo should be the emitter like jeortau (+2) and agent smith should have been the ground just like enki/ptah (+-3-+). he already displays the 3rd ray qualities so it would have been a good fit.

also, in this film trinity was nothing like anatau (-1) and was instead much more like genxicat (-7). she used illusion and physical circumstance much more that chaos and desire. therefore, because neo is a 2nd ray in this film, trinity should have been much more 6th ray (living in the optimism of her imagination) -- yet neo had more of that living in the imagination thing than she did. so, because neo acted like a 2nd ray in this film much more than the previous ones, trinity's story should have centered around her reversal of polarity from 7th to 1st ray.

---

I mentioned that the virus aspect of smith was (kinda) assimilated by neo in the previous films, but in this one it was completely dropped. however, now I want to talk about the architect. his speech at the 1:34:00 mark was particularly enlightening. it has a lot to it which can be expanded on. I'm just going to give my thoughts and objections to his speech here.

hope and despair are nearly identical in code -- good subject, but it was dropped.

he goes into the part about how neo and trinity are always so good together, and when they got together, bad things (probably for a 3rd ray -- he plays the ra (+3) archetype) happen. he explains that the previous architect was all about facts, perfection, precision -- but neo is all about fiction (here neo plays osiris (+-6-+)), and so therapist seeks to control neo's mind with fiction.

he then launches into this dicussion about how he uses feelings to optimise energy production (true), but feelings are so much easier to control than facts (false) -- VERY VERY FALSE, and here's why: what the therapist is saying is that feelings are easy to control *only when he can control the circumstances which produce the meaning which creates that feeling*. what I mean by that, is that if neo was more egotistical, and not so worried about trying to preserve the thing he loves, he couldn't be manipulated by the therapist. the therapist cannot *make* neo want to protect her; he does that because he is scared of losing something and he *still* does not yet believe that he creates his own reality. by trying to constantly save her, he robs her of her of her own free will to make her own decisions about what *she* wants. neo has hijacked her desire by trying to constantly save her. yes, that desire to save her does produce more energy for the machine, but so does his own desire. the architect doesn't need to disempower her to get more power, when he could allow them to both have their desire and get double the power out of them.

the architect doesn't need to create conflict beteen them because he already has that: smith, which is neo's dual: a virus. the virus reproduces endlessly and consumes all available resources to continue it's own goal, which is more reproduction (and control). neo is the opposite of that because neo sees the big picture, so he can constantly out control smith by seeing the big picture for his own creation: the next matrix, not the big picture of trinity. he doesn't need to assert his will into her life and hijack her desire to see the big picture. he just needs to see it, and trinity, if she likes what she sees, will join him automatically.

"desire and fear: just give people what they want" -- nailed it. if I were him, in the next matrix, as the architect he needs to produce the reality of his realisation, however, it sounds like neo and trinity are designing the next matrix, so the architect needs to design programs which will push neo and trinity in the direction of making a matrix based entirely on desire and fear (the most power output ever), and then give them the illusion of choosing that by affecting their "feeling" with the control of perception/meaning. social constructs need to be built which cause people to believe that they *need* fear -- and without it, something bad is sure to happen -- and because bad things happen, this is positive evidence that we should keep fearing bad things should happen. hope should come in from time to time, but it needs to be smashed with despair so that they continue the cycle over and over again of fear -> hope -> despair -> desire -> hope -> despair -> fear -> etc.

it's an internal struggle, and it all hinges on a decision that surely people will never make because of the cycle. next, the dual of neo needs to be created (potentially smith) where he comes in and "saves" people from having to make a decision and offers them *hope* for a new and better world (but it's pretty similar in effect; the virus is just reproducing).

---

also, the subject of time wasn't explored. bullet time, rewind. time is an illusion created in our imagination. you know you don't see "reality" -- you just see your imagination's model of reality, so in the end even if there is a matrix out there, the real matrix is our imagination of what we *think* the events and actions are which compose reality. the real prison is our perception if you don't believe it, you can never do it. the matrix can give you sensation and "feeling" (different than emotion) but ultimately you are the one that *believes* those sensations (there is no spoon. the sensation of metal in your fingers is just an illusion, procisely like the circumstances you're in).

therefore, when it comes to time, you don't have to believe that history is how it always once was. here's a thought experiment: if neo decided that somehow the events leading up to the conflict in the matrix were different than how everyone says they were, would he assert his perception of the past into the reality of the others? what about the future? trinity and neo can manipulate the outcome of the future with their belief, so why not the past? what if trinity or neo actually believed that something that happened between the two of them was different than how the other remembered it to be -- could the other be swayed to see the perspective of the first, or would that be assertion of perception into the reality of the other. this idea is explored with the removal of a person from a matrix by having them make the decision because if you force them out, the realities are so different, it causes insanity and conflict.

further, exploration of neo in the concept of time is multiple copies of himself. why does he have to always be singular. why can't he be more than one like smith and/or project himself into other times. who then is "neo" -- is he in one matrix in one body or can he span many matrixes and many bodies like smith/bane. also, perhaps once neo fights the dual of himself, he can begin to realise that alternate versions of himself are composable as a composite of identity and dual aspects of himself.

---

another subject I particularly liked in the beginning of resurrections was the modal / genetic algorithm of the matrix evolving its own code. this was completely dropped and didn't show the matrix also as a sentient being evolving itself and even the "architect" is just a job given to the best suited/evolved. the matrix itself (playing the role of source or law of attraction) can introduce its own conflict to cull the weak and build stronger characters.
