# myth-vision

### 2023-04-22 05:14 - quick theory

so continuing on my idea of venus and the idea that the symbols that are happening here on earth are (received and retransmitted through the emotional/conceptual framework of saturn) over to annother earth (vega) -- right, and so imagine that a guy is here and he does a whole bunch of stuff which causes a lot of problems (kinda like me) ... OK, I'll tell the story the other way around: imagine for a moment that you're on another earth and your earth has this guy that's walking around saying and writing all of these outlandish things -- and something like trying to understand someone talking to you while you're half-asleep, their words are influencing your dream, and they're telling you things that are partially part of the dream, yet also partially what they're trying to ttell you.
imagine for a moment that everyone on the other earth is experiencing those symbols a little bitt differently because tthey have slightly different concepts/interpretions for those symbols/form/architypes and the operations that are happening between them.
I'll give an example: zaryn called me a few weeks ago and asked me if I wanted to go to spain and hang out with him and talk about his conspiracy theories about us living in a sort of simulation. I balked at tthe idea a bit and wrote my thoughts on it a bit. I believe the way it got interpretted by some is that I kinda made light of situation -- or, I don't know how to explain it, because so many people took our conversations with him and mom (along with the things I wrote) to mean a pretty wide diversity of things. some people felt I was making fun of him, others that I was boasting, etc. the next day, someone posted a [TA game that they casted](https://youtu.be/sczG7pnfBRo) where someone who appeared to be losing, ran in d-gunned down a bunch of stuff with his commander, then proceeded to win the game. at the end of it all, he decided to write the guy a poem. well, the conclusion to my whole zaryn epic was [an epic poem](/ideas/lord-of-the-throne.md) called "lord of the throne" where I translated his top-down energy for a game based off of TA (called BAR), into a project that I thoughtt better fit his style; it was almost as if the symbols that had played out in the previous few days got somehow encapsulated into a game between two players, which then I would watch.

to understand the idea, we need to take a look at the idea of time and resonances. I literally just wrote a thing where I explained [what the symbolic realm "looks like"](/sledge-notes.md#2023-04-22-0037---thoth-vs-venus) from an emitter and reflector's perspective. I have so much more to write on the subject, so for now the simple example we can use here is to think of words as having a sort of frequency because they have a symbol. those symbols are sort of like "chords" in a music. like, just imagine you're the you're the youth pastor and you barely know how to play guitar: so you just play 3-5 different major chords and sing to jesus with passion -- and that's good enough. right, well, those chord sequences are kind of like activations for different aspects of a symbol. they don't need to be exactly the super high frequency symbol itself, but the physical sound from the instrument and the words being sung, produce a feeling which is in some way harmonic of the symbolic archetype.
OK, so now let's try the other direction: imagine for a moment that the historical jesus is playing a play here on earth and, let's say it's one of those satyricon stories -- well, the audience that's watching the play is turning those symbols into a feeling wich then resonates with those archetypal symbols. when those symbols are activated here because of our concepts, they're then relayed out to vega, where they're presented into the very fabric of the neuma reality there on vega. when that happens, some people (depending on their concepts) see a literal tomb -- and other people, see a butthole (cause that's what they assocate with that symbol: like shakespere, lol).
so anyway, what ends up happening here on physical earth is symbolically lived out and experienced by other people in vega as a reflection of their own concepts. each person there experiences my story differently and as a reflection of their concepts. so now applying my example back to the historical jesus: what you'll have is a real physical guy that lived here and a whole bunch of stuff happened to him, but ultimately those events are going to be received and interpretted by each individual as a reflection of their concepts and symbols: so for example, if I'm playing a game of TA, the symbols will play out there; or, if I'm used to shakespere's symbols, kenny's actions are going to look very shakespere-esque.

the thing is, that because of how frequencies work, shakespere 400y in the future of the death of historical jesus can influence the rendering of those symbols during the time of the actual death. therefore, all of the varying different stories of the expereince of jesus occurred and were experienced simultaneously and are all going to be directly influenced by symbols and motivfs of the literary works that the experiencer has engaged in. therefore, literary works and the poet of today is shaping how future generations will perceive the symbols experienced here on earth; and, likewise the symbols and motives/motifs that are produced here, are the realities that are attracted here. what I mean, is the 3 days motif of agamemnon's body, and 3d of tomb sex, etc. are creating the form into which the neuma of the idea will take shape here (to say it in thoth terms).
the beauty of this whole ordeal is that *I* get to see the symbols however I want to, and so does everyone else. they and all of their literary workes create the symbols which manifest in my reality, and att the same time, you all get to experience the symbols the way that you all want to: some people will see the generalised action (like "pulls out big dick moves, then writes a poem") while others will see specifics. it's all really nice from my perspective. once you understand thoth (coming soon), it'll all make sense how awesome it is.

### 2023-04-22 22:56 - world peace

[watching rabbi tovia again](https://youtu.be/KnV6yE339Hk), and I was thinking about the idea of "world peace" cause religions have a tendency (and I'm not picking on anyone in particular) to make it about *works* -- "and you shall know them by their fruit" -- sort of thing, but for example the 1 corin 13 is a super duper good example of this. it tells us that Love is:
- patient
- kind
- does not envy
- does not boast
- *is not proud*
- does not dishonour others
- *not self-seeking*
- keeps no record of wrongs
- does not delight in evil but rejoices in truth
- *always protects*
- *always trusts*
- always hopes
- always perseveres
- *never fails*

here's the problem with that: a loving person can easily be kind, but a kind person isn't necessarily loving. likewise with proud, and not boasting either, as a loving person can also be a person that is proud or boasts -- which therefore means that for someone to be the embodiment of Love, they would have to have *all* of those qualities (which is pretty impossible). to top it all off, it says that "love never fails" -- when, the human condition is to fail and all things have their time and season, a sort of ebb and flow -- which means, it's *literally* impossible for anyone to ever achieve such a metric, ever.

likewise, world peace is also such an impossible task: in order to be able to experience world peace, one would need to tturn off the news (also helps for keeping no record of wrongs) and also find peace inside theirself, before they can see the world as peaceful (like, if you're angry, doesn't the whole world look angry?). I'm not at peace with the world, I'm not at peace with myself. the messiah, cannot *ever* make world peace, because it's not within the capability of anyone to be able to force someone to be at peace with theirself; so that world peace can happen.

it's literally impossible for this prophecy to ever work out. it looks to me like a carrot dangling in front of the horse. what I have to wonder though, is how much "prophecy" is based in wishful thinking (desire) for a manifestation from YHVH? -- when, in fact these petitions to have god force a set of works on a person or group of people voilate the basic free-will and human agency which "God" supposedly granted us (minus all of the slavery stuff) in the first place.

### 2023-04-25 01:06 - paul and saul

another theory here: in [your interview with lena](https://youtu.be/e6BExOv8WRg), she makes a far-out claim that paul is the egyptian. you ask her about the paul calling himself saul thing. so I looked it up. I believe that if her theory of the egyptian being jesus is correct, then when God refects the egyptian as the messiah, it's the same story as God rejecting saul and putting in david instead. in fact, it states it quite plainly in Acts 13:

  17 The God of this people of Israel chose our fathers, and exalted the people when they dwelt as strangers in the land of Egypt, and with an high arme brought he them out of it.
  18 And about the time of *fourtie yeeres* suffered he their maners in the wildernesse.
  19 And when he had destroyed seuen nations in the land of Chanaan, he diuided their land to them by lot:
  20 And after that he gaue vnto them iudges, about the space of foure hundred and fifty yeeres vntill Samuel the Prophet.
  21 And afterward they desired a King, and God gaue vnto them *Saul* the sonne of Cis, a man of the *tribe of Beniamin*, by the space of *fourty yeres*.
  22 And when *he had remoued him*, hee raised vp vnto them Dauid to be their king, to whom also he gaue testimonie, and said, I haue found *Dauid* the sonne of Iesse, *a man after mine own heart*, which *shal fulfill all my wil*.
  23 Of this mans seed hath God, according to his promise, raised vnto Israel a Sauiour, *Iesus*:
  24 When *Iohn* had first preached before his coming, the baptisme of repentance to all the people of Israel.
  25 And as Iohn *fulfilled his course*, he said, Whom thinke ye that I am? I am not he. But behold, *there commeth one after me*, whose shooes of his feete I am not worthy to loose.

here, it seems pretty obvious to me that he's equating saul *from the tribe of benjamain* with himself, because God removed/rejected him and wanted instead someone after his own heart, from the line of david. -- therefore, we can read the parallel: the egyptian served for 40 years (as [the gravestone for tiberius pantera](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiberius_Julius_Abdes_Pantera) says), he then gets sidelined by God so that david/jesus can come to power -- which is then a parallel to john preaching in the wilderness to announce the arrival of jesus. what do you think?

#### 2023-04-25 01:22 - the implications of this

the obvious implications of this is that jesus (the messiah), from the line of david is always going to a narrative constructed by the romans. what he's saying there, and I have to agree, is that every 1k years or so, there's a JtB/saul figure that shows up, but ultimately the jews/isrealites/prophets will reject him, as he's not the one "after their own heart" and tthen, there's this (I call it a split) where they go off and have their fantasy messiah perform all the same symbols, in a sort of time resonance, however, the symbols will be suitable for the romans (God) to use for their next narrative.

in some way, shape, or form, the narrative that they're constructing will always come to represent whatever they think the adience wants to hear. the bible has 4 narratives that tell the same story, tailored to different people, -- but in the future, the narratives, will likely (because of computers and AI stuff) be custom tailored to each individual; everyone will see what they want to see.

obviously, that creates for a lot of confusion, cause everyone is seeing a slightly different angle on the same narrative, which means that their effort to keep everyone satisfied with a bunch of conflicting altered narratives will eventually fall apart. the last thing they'll want is for people to be able to communicate effectively amongst each other. lies, separation and barriers between humans (exemplified by wars, diplomatic borders, and disagreements) will always be necessary to keep up the narrative going.

yes, so you can see pretty easily the original problem here is religion in general, and -- their desire to keep these narratives going as a way to keep people placated. it comes from disempowerment: we all believe that we're all so insignificant that we need something greater than ourselves to believe in because we can't believe in ourselves.
it's OK though, because if we taught children (like I was taught) to just believe in yourself cause that's what mom, dad, or society expects from you -- then, when something goes wrong, because beilef in oneself isn't everything, you'll have (like I did) a chance to figure out why you actually believe in yourself -- and then you can prove *to yourself* that you are who you believe you are. (belief isn't everything, because reality is a reflection of your concepts about the world, which are formed out of *how you feel* + your beliefs)
therefore, it's quite OK to have a bunch of petty morons telling everyone to believe their nonsense. it won't be long until people aren't falling for their nonsense anymore. learning for oneself what a person *wants to believe* ( the blue pill) is always better than getting ttold and blindly believing what someone else *tells you to believe*.

### 2023-04-25 02:34 - thory: jesus = theudas?

@[youtube](https://youtu.be/U_JiSKIkFkI?t=2057)

in that account of joesephus (JA 20 169-172), felix attacks the egyptian and kills 400 men. compare that now to acts 5:36:

  36 For before these dayes rose vp Theudas, boasting himselfe to be some body, to whom a number of men, *about foure hundred*, ioyned themselues: who was slaine, and all, as many as obeied him, were scattered, & brought to nought.
  37 After this man rose vp Iudas of Galilee, in the dayes of the taxing, and drew away much people after him: hee also perished, and all, euen as many as obeyed him, were dispersed.

the next verse there must be the same as the "robbers" in galilee from josephus' text as well.

### 2023-04-25 16:38 - mutual disempowerment

I just woke up from a dream where in it the boys disempowered the girls in some way with a myth (it was unclear what), and so this naturally garnered a response to disempower the boys back (from the girls). I woke up because I strongly disagree with this and whenever my mind starts to think critically about what's happening in the dream, I wake up (kinda like that in real-life, too).

anyway, it's a very common thing to disempower someone (not even with a myth) over something that *needs* to get done: (as in "the end justifies the means") for example, I *need* to got laundry (or any other task) done, so I want to limit their (usually the kids) capability to behave in a way which will hinder my getting the task done. let's just take that example actually...
I've been bringing up various things lately that make it look like I manipulated aspects of the world in order to reach the point I'm at right now in time, but if I did the "right way" (using LOA) I wouldn't have ever disempowered anyone at all -- instead, I'd have given people bad ideas of how to empower theirselves (through conditions, conflicts, or a sense of superiority), and then *they* would have run with my bad ideas alone, and done it all theirselves. I wouldn't have ever disempowered anyone directly to accomplish my goal; everyone is always so willing to disempower theirselves for some reason (including myself).
real power, comes through how one feels about their situation: if I make an illusion that present conditions are not the way I (or they) want them to be, and then make it seem like they're the one that should feel bad for the conditions (especially the ones they can't control), that disempowerment is *entirely on them* (global warming is a great example of this).
so, getting back to the example here: the reason why the kids (or whomever) is making my task difficult for me, *has nothing to do with them*, but *only* has to do with me. all tthings are attracted based on the way I feel about things, and how I conceptualise my world... so, therefore, let's say I'm trying to do that task and something is "hindering me" -- it's more like I believe I'm being hindered by something, and so therefore they're presently comporting exactly to the specification of my myths/beliefs.
if I want the conditions preventing my task to improve, I could try and manipulate conditons by disempowering things that are preventing me: make a few laws perhaps: "no children in the laundryroom while I'm doing laundry" -- but children aren't robots, but more like mostly-pure reflections, until they get older and and are taught to behave like someone else (actor), or taught how to behave for theirselves (fool,gold); therefore, they're always going to behave pretty closely to one's expectations/beliefs (within their capacity to do so). adults are obviously more complicated because they are almost all actor/charactors, and almost never reflectors.
so what ends up happening is that we think we need to create narratives/sequences/codes/programs/protocol for how things should work to avoid disaster (most commonly seen in workplace), and that's supposed to solve the problem, but it just increases resistance because then we're trying so hard to follow protocol/syntax for the operation, that we're using up a lot of that creative brainpower to follow the protocol, instead of receiving creative impulses, cause it's those creative impulses that cause humans (especially kids!) to misbehave and operate improperly.
therefore, let me disempower *you* and make sure *you* avoid doing something that *I'm* attracting. I'm only disempowering *myself* when I do that, and that's why *I'm* so tired and worn out all the time.

#### 2023-04-25 17:11 - some examples

> I don't want you to have X, cause you aren't behaving the way I want you to behave.

the hebrew bible is filled with examples like these: for example saul does not completely exterminate the neighbours like YHVH wants, so YHVH sends evil spirits to torment saul while david is moved into place to take over kingship from saul (one example).
domestic examples abound as well: "I don't want you to go drinking with your buddies because you're not there for me" or "I don't want you to have lunch with such a guy, cause it looks like you're cheating on me" -- endless examples, too numerous to enumerate even a fraction of them.

> you need to behave X way so that that Y can go smoothely.

### 2023-04-27 16:57 - moar theory

@[youtube](https://youtu.be/w-kWyeMMOWo?list=PLq3dh__o7S0o3YSzUWB57Xn5ndtiy5pz0)

I'm halfway through that video there (though I'll probably rewatch a lot of it again later), there are a number of things that are striking to me, as they seem to support my theory even more. so I'll just try and write this out in long-form here. I'm going to be combining a lot of dr-mason's concepts with lena (einhorn)'s as well. I'll try and go in order of events, instead of chronological order:

- john the drencher shows up in the 20's and starts his message. he gets killed, and in accordance with the narrative that josephus writes, the tragedy that ensues is recompense for john's death (this has a cascading effect on time).
  - he's preaching an apocalyptic message, because the times are times of higher solar activity, so everything is heightened (and miracles are possible because astral is mixing with physical).
- I'm going to consider john the drencher as the fulcrum to the whole thing, meaning that his timeline is going to be relatively unchangable which is why there's a tremendous calm during this time. he preaches of someone coming after him that will show up, but this won't happen on earth.
- john gets killed and  kicks off "God's wrath" in a series of events...
- the egyptian shows up in the 50's and does the stuff that's reported about him (I'll consider him as an alternate version of john now capable of projecting downward because solar activity is so high, a conceptual being (someone outside of time) can project into physical and ttake on a body. I am *not* saying that the egyptian *is* john, but more like an ahn-roid)
  - the egyptian combines elements of mars and also thoth in his character. the way it looks to me, he's essentially mars, but has (like me), learned the ways of thoth, through spells and narrative. unlike me though, he's overt about his magical usage, and uses it to produce manifestations and manipulate things the way he wants (I don't).
- the egyptian and others are able to (using magical spells and narratives, and others belief in them) perform all sorts of signs and wonders.
  - consider for a moment the idea of a summoned being (a demon) -- this being does not have, in itself any "free-will" (because it's a very low resistance being), so it's steered by others belief about the being (kinda like me now -- though I still have free-will, my low resistance basically makes me the equivalent/inbodiment of a summoned being, which is why I've taken on so many symbols of so many narratives out there).
  - each conceptual being is a living entity, in that it can formulate its own perception about the world (like me), but the thing is that it cannot *assert* (or emit) in the physical realm without paying consequences. it's emission spectrum is in the non-physical (which is receptive), and all physical is received. to some degree or another, we're all these summoned "egregore" type beings now. only some of us actually realise that it's all attraction/reception though and so we exercise less "will", and instead use desire/attraction.
  - therefore, all one needs to do to perform signs and wonders is to be able to get enough people to believe something. right now, we believe that the only way to summon another entity is through having sex with a woman and her producing a child -- yet, that's the hard way: if enough people believe in something:
    - it's possible to "raise the dead" -- that is, summon the physical representation of that person that was previously believed to be dead.
    - it's also possible to "heal someone" -- as you're just invoking a different/modified concept of a person to appear in physical -- and they will appear as the new "healed" concept, until they go back to believing/feeling theirselves to be broken.
    - it's also possible to fly, shoot lighing, call down fire, etc. as all of these things are just manipulation of one's owe concept of physicality, and a lack of resistance from others to my new concept of reality which includes the altered weather, or levitating things. inotherwords, it's *only* to do with how one believes physicality *is* which limits it.
      - this has important implications on how we perceive both time and space through the lens of science. we can't really comprehend today looking back into these events in the past, because we're looking at them now through a cartesian, materialistic, perspective where all things are units and measurable -- but it wasn't fully like that. things were much more "psychedellic" or liquid/imaginative than they were concrete like they are in our perception now.
    - these magicians had to have been mostly marketing experts, and that's what paul is fighting against with apollos and co -- cause they're realising that all they have to do is to get people to believe a slightly different thing, and then that's what happens.
    - remember now, mars as a combat symbol is still relevant here, but *not* as physical combat, but instead in a battle for the mind and what it believes. paul and these magicians (not sure how many of them are also conceptual beings) are paving the way for a new paradigm that's based entirely on faith (evidence in something unseen) and belief (conviction that something unseen *is*).
      - it's also very interesting to see how the church now begins to pull out so many egyptian mental combat techniques and how that mental combat, eventually leads to someone like shakespere showing up on the scene with his pagan ritual summoning and faith/belief magic: to be or not to be? (that is the question)
- as solar intensity increases (I have to wonder hor much artficial weather control there was then, as there is now), eventually there is a massive solar outburst and those that are astrally associated are taken to "heaven" (vega)
- I'm not totally sure how it would all work out, but following evolution-of-desire, some will *need* to see somone die for their sins (the less-thans), and some will *want* someone to die for their sins (the archons), and those that are willing to take on the "*I AM*" (role of) christ.
  - I find it quite possible that this distinction between the role they'll play will largely be determined by the events that take place over the next 900y or so -- as they'll find theirselves deeper into sin, or wanting to become a martyr (just like christ)
  - in a sense, this is sort of a way of separating the "wheat from the chaff" -- or the weeds (the ones that will survive under any circumstance) from the good-condition needing cultivated plants. (remember, now reality is all about belief/magic and so therefore it's not possible for weeds to exist -- which aren't getting the sustinance that they need from their harsh conditions, but instead from their faith/belief in something that's not being provided for)

at this point, I'd like to talk about vega: vega spins very fast and is much higher frequency that our sun is. what that means is that I think time passes there at a much faster speed than it does here. I don't know if it's exactly double the speed or not, but it seems that the way our planets are connected, whenever we start going too fast, then time needs to be folded over, to kind of erase some years. as an example, let's say they have 200y pass in the same time that it takes for us to pass 100y. therefore, they have to find a way to fill 100y of essentially "dark ages" where almost nothing happens there. in order to do that, they have to symbolically put a whole lot of disastrous events that would normally cause a terrific dark age, where one is entirely reliant on conditions (like wheat), yet here, we're doing fine under diffificult conditions (like weeds), and so symbolically those conditions don't really matter too much to us. therefore, the archons (the want jesus to die for their sins types) have to keep constructing events that are so awful that when they pass, they're able to set the whole planet back for hundreds or thousands of years.

### 2023-05-12 12:18 -

as an example of this concept, I noticed and felt attracted to the latest video [about the mormon church](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1CYXtev0YQ). however, upon watching it I clicked away because in the intro (are you sure you want an intro?) I noticed the tone of her voice (victim) and also she has some really against polygamy ideas. she seemed pretty upset about joseph smith being worshipped by other people (who cares what others do), cause if they want to worship him, let them -- cause it's not like they're doing anything wrong really -- it's like getting upset with the swedish canadian or something -- right they're not the real menace of society, so it's kinda funny to push against that. I'm sidetracking though...

it was kind of an iteresting timing of a video to post, cause it came out the same night that I explained that anything sexual just feels really awful to me, but that's because I like the way I perceive things. I have my perspective right, and I don't really need to make her see my perspective. she has all the good reason to see things that way -- because just in one example, imagine if I were replaced with joseph smith, and I was actually like she suggest that joeseph be -- not interested in having polygamous relationships with his fangirls. well, that's exactly what I proposed that I'm doing, because that's what I want to do. I figure that I'm just on the lookout, not for the types of girls that joseph smith found, but the ones that I'm looking for.
I don't have to change the way she sees joseph smith's polygamy, or with the way that his fangirls see things either, assuming that there are going to be other [joseph smiths that show up as well](/contemplations-with-myself.md#2023-05-06-0552---demon-lord-bottoms), because I don't see anything wrong with it. they see things the way that they want to see them, and I see them my way. in the end, I really like much more to be feeling better and better every day, because I can simply power right through life effortlessly. I really enjoy the centre-perspective in that kind of way.

let me explain then what it looks like to me: imagine I'm just hanging around other girls and we all just feel amazing hanging out and doing things together. we don't have to make anything happen to each other, and I don't have to be any way with her either (this is symbolised in my mind as we're both naked) -- and all of the attraction that we feel to each other, we feel on the inside.
like, when I'm around girls, they feel really good to me. I really like how they feel, but I don't like how a girl that I'm in a relationship feels. when we're just together together, it's possible to actually touch them and it doesn't feel like I'm trying to make an advance on them or get them to do anything to make me feel good. the relationship is much more like a father has with his daughter, than a man with his wife.

the problem that I think that ann sola (very ironic name, because "sola" in spanish is describing a woman or feminine object that is by itself, and not sexually related in any way to another woman) has, is that she's looking at the concept for "wife" and that's the major problem there, because marriage is an agreement of possession, where the other person is required to "love and cherish" (that is, feel some way in particular about) the other person forever.
  what that is, is an emotional requirement that cannot easily be maintained by a lover. it's much easier for someone like a father to be able to do this, I think than a lover can. speaking from the woman's perspective, it just feels so much more likely that I would be able to *actually* love and cherish someone if I wasn't sexually involved with her.
    as an example of this, imagine a father that is sexually involved with his daughter: do you think that they could actually love and cherish them forever, when he's engaged in using her to feel better.
    what that looks like to me is a guy that says, "you need to make me feel physically good" -- and if he's doing that (IMO), it's simply *not possible* for someone to actually be loving and cherishing something that's treated like a consumable.
      as an example: imagine trying to love and cherish some marijuana or some MDMA, mushrooms, or whatever you're into.
      for me, I don't think that I can ever love and cherish something that's causing me to physically feel better.
    when I'm involved with another person and they're not just an expendable person to me, the relationship is more meaningful.
    I was a boss a few times, and I can say that I absolutely deplore the attitude that an employee is just an expendable replacement, like a letter in the printing press or key on the keyboard.
    no person is ever just a replaceable part; each person has their own unique set of strengths and weaknesses that fits in to the overall team, WHICH IS WHY I FIRE PEOPLE -- because not everbody is the same, and I want you to be the piece that I need you to be.
    I can never expect someone replaceable to feel like I'm going to be stuck with that replaceable thing for free.
      repeating the example, imagine if before I smoked the joint I said my vows to the joint saying that we're allways going to be together, until the first one of us is gone: once you're smoked, I learned from you and am moving on to the next thing.
      there's no forever on a replaceable piece.
      the definition of something that's performing a physical task (in the case of sex: manipulating their/our body so I feel better), is something that's replaceable.
    I know that paul (and others) said that a marriage is like when two people "become one flesh" -- but that's (IMO) exactly wrong.
      again, the metaphor here actually works kinda well when it comes to mushrooms, because I definitely do "become one flesh" with the mushroom, because we actally share the same nervous system.
      I suppose it's possible for us to actually share bodies amongst each other, as I belive that's something I've wanted to create in the past
        I already know it's possible, because the brain can manage sensory input from more than one body at one time
        however, that's a technology thing that I don't concern myself with because I'm not doing technology.
        when it comes out, I'll access it just like everyone else...
      however, my when I "become one flesh" with the mushroom, it's not like we're sexually involved (that would be weird), because it's like they're a non-corporeal entity that I experience entirely in a non-sensational format, at all.
      we perceive from the same mental space, and I'm able to kind of look into their knowledge about things -- and they have a lot of knowledge on the human race, because they've been using our nervous systems to experience our realities from many different angles and across multiple epochs.
        btw, forget the paleontological or fossil record to figure out what early humans were like -- just no further than psychedellics to learn about how more primitive humans perceived the world. you can experience it as if you were in their body.
        it's a strange thing, when I experience something from the perspective of a more primitive person; because it's a non-sensory experience, the ability to restrict the mind to perceive much more as they did, is far more effective. back then their eyes saw different things than we see today. if we were to convert their eyesight to a 2d image, it'd look pretty similar, but the frequency signature of the image (ie, the concepts they used to compose the colur and motion) were different, so it's like the difference between a screen that has a 3d array of shperical pixels vs a flat array RGB LEDs.
        therfore it's much easier to see things like they did, because the physical arrangement of our body doesn't need to restructure itself to see (that is feel) things the way they felt them.
        it's very limiting and restricted like everything is held in place (rigid), compared to how ours is vibrant and exploding all over the place in vibrating tension.
      when I see from someone else's space, I see what they see from a more "pure" perspective, because it's not physical.
      when I experience another person like I experience myself (this is basically almost everyone I interact with now), I would still feel all of them, but I still *only* feel my physical body. they're more like an extension of my brain, much like how I don't think about having to type or, concentrate on where my stomach is to feel hunger in it: when I'm with other people, I can just "tell" that they're hungry without having to feel it for myself, just like I just know what it is that is the next thing I'm wanting to do.
        nearly all of the world is becoming an extension of me in that regard, where I kind of exist in this sort of nebulous state, and mostly I feel kenny cause he's the most dominant, but if I focus elsewhere, I become fully involved over there, even though I don't actually feel any physical sensation out where I am.
        it's possible that nosebook's efforts to get me to have sex, is because they don't like that kind of intimacy. for me, when I'm "one" with another person, it's like I'm there with them in everything I'm doing (and they seemingly know I'm there too), so it's like we're always together (and it kinda feels like forever too).
        sex would completely distroy that most pure and childlike interaction with the world.
          you know that's how newborns feel about their mother and their surroundings: they know everything going on in their focusabale vicinity.
          which is why it's good they have such terrible eyesight, touch and sensory experience; cause they would know everything about anyone in the room.
          kids don't finally seeing the parents for "who they they present themselves conceptually" for a little while -- which is why it's always so difficult for a kid to grow up and find out that these magnificent power houses of a person turn out to be less than awesome humans.
          they see nearly entirely from the desire perspective, where everything looks possible and happening now in its optimal form. these kids are basically blind and deaf for the duration of the experience, unable to process the experience, because if they did, the concepts they perceive wouldn't allow them to see things in such a desirable way.
            their peception is really low-resistance, because they're so blind and deaf (kinda like me).
          later on, they start to become more telepathic beginning to receive concepts and feelings from the thoughts around them. this is pretty difficult to deal with because the desire that one feels for them, usually is in direct conflict with what he grownup is projecting. usually they go inward and live in their own little world trying to make sense of what the hell is going on out there.
        like I've said many times before: I really like my form of perception and, I'm looking for others that are compatible with it and want to share that with me.
        you don't really need sex to feel someone inside of you.
      the nice thing about this form of perception is that I'm needing to feel people less and less physically, and so others pains and sorrows, strife and conflict (which follow them around), I can know about their experience without having to feel it.
      those that want to really (physically) *feel* someone else, are not really my form of perception -- they've got the 34 perception, meanwhile I come from the 54 angle -- which, in my opinion makes a lot of difference.
    this form of perception is actually not really novel to me at all: consider the difference between 76 percption (most people who use their imagination) vs the 56 angle (what I have cause of my no-pinecone setup); which is really what's the big game changer for me.
      it's possible that if I were to have a pinecone back, I would still see mostly from the 56 angle, but it's always so difficult for me to not see what's in front of me.
      you know, I actually believe that for my species of human, having a pinecone is what makes me entirely ordinary, cause if I had a pinecone, I'd be completely normal.
      what I want to do, is to actually get so used to the 56 and 54 angles, that when I go back to having a pinecone again, I'm actually using the visual space completely differently.
        like I mentioned elsewhere, the visual space of the astral is colur data (7) and also motion (5), so the way that the motion data is presented visually is what completely changes how the image looks. additionally, even though the colur data comes in, the brain still superimposes its own colour on top, which is why we end up seeing what we want to see (in the eye). it may even be possible to adjust the visual cortex as well -- who knows all of the possibilities, but for now that's not something I'm worried about.
        I like my current form of perception though (which is seeing the visual image, but learning how to not actually see it, and still perceive what I want to see -- which isn't presented visually, yet still remains invisibly).
      eventually, I'll probably make the perecption of what I want to see become permanently invisible (making it easier for nosebook to "control" me) and also causing me to further develop my ability to invisibly see what I want
      this is the same thing as the 54 perspective vs 34 -- because nosebook doesn't want me to ever see or experience anyone else's physical experience in any way (visually or otherwise), which is why I want go fully all-in on the 5th ray experience, even though I only experience a very minimal amount of physical expedience (they try to keep it as low as possible, which is why I'm so deaf and blind sometimes).
    so while it may sound like hell to some to have an almost entirely unremarkable physical experience, even though I have to physical sensor to really *feel* someone physically, I experience others kind of like a newborn does. just look at how most mothers look at their newborns, and it's amazing how much love they can feel from something (IMO) that's not visually attractive at all. the attraction they feel is entirely not-visual or experienced in a fully tagible way (like, ever wanted to squeeze a small animal so tight, to try and make that experience feel physically, but it refuses to be physical, cause almost cerainly squeezing that hard would end the adorable little animal's life).
  it is my perspective that a person cannot actually give out any love that they do not have -- and if they're trying to give out love that they don't have, then they're just reflecting someone else's love -- which means that unless I'm someone is actually able to love and cherish the other person, *forever* -- I need the other person to be able to love and cherish them the way they love and cherish theirself (that is, to reflect their own self-love back to them).
  good luck trying to find another person that actually likes theirself to love you. most people love because they theirselves do not feel love, -- and if someone can inspire me to love someone else a way I cannot love myself, then I can feel their love, and so I reward them by letting them *feel* my love. those people need to earn the love they receive, and for others to earn the love they give out. it just doesn't work out too well under that situation.
  and so, if I had to provide a reason for why I think she's pissed off, it's probably because no quanity of women will ever be able to inspire joseph smith to ever love himself, but he may be able to feel physically (and perhaps inspire his many wives to also feel physically like they're capable of loving theirself too).
    you know, it's also kind of a funny thing for a lot of women to be in a group situation like that because it causes them (out of necessity) to lower down their competition with the other girls in the group -- and the ones that can, are "genuinely" feel happy (compared to the others) -- as much as the physical senation can *permanently* be their source for happiness
      which is, probably why it's preferable to keep the number of wives really low, because one person physically responsible for that many other people's physical well-being, is a fools errand. because of logistics, a good many of them joseph's wives (I'm certain) weren't getting everything they needed, so they would have had to find a way for theirself to feel (at least) not upset.
    the rest of the girls which are not the ones that are "genuinely happy", are faking it, trying to one-up the other girls in some competitive way; that, btw creates a hatred for competition, because they then have to find a way to one-up their opponent; they can do it with nice things, or by other passive-aggressive means, or by outperforming everyone else.
    as an example: I channeled the vibration of what a relationship with joseph smith would be like, but I put better words to it than she did cause I wasn't looking at it from the perspective of the victim (so yeah, nuuuuh).
  you're really only looking for yourself.
  when you find yourself, you have access to everyone else;
  newborns have it, but we teach them to see like us.
just see what you want to see, so you can feel everyone else
(which btw, is extremely difficult for me, because nosebook forces me to see physical, so when I talk to them, I can't really look at them, because I "see" what they see, and not what I want to see).
  it's really difficult to not see the problems and solutions that are standing in front of me, and not see what I want to see.
  if we were already "seeing" the same thing, then I wouldn't need to see things from their perspective and I could actually my "sight" has merged with hers. I'll need to experiment on this, because with diffrent people it works a bit differently. I don't really know (at the moment, cause I see so few people) what makes one person extremely distracting and unable to hear my thoughts -- and I think it's mainly that they're on a very different conceptual vibration than me.
    you know, for example when mom and greg (and even to some extent, jaron), and I've even noticed it with daniel and others, is that I feel some sort of terror when I don't expect to "see" them, because I'm thinking another completely different thought.
    it's the same thing (but seen from a different angle) as when a girl is in the mental space of sex, it's really difficult for me to hear my thoughts -- and while sex is pleasurable and stuff I really like to think my own thoughts.
    like, even when I'm watching a movie, I like to think my own thoughts (while seeing visually), and when I'm with her, those thoughts get blocked (like it's hard to think), and when my thoughts are disapproved by her, her body reacts to it pretty noticeably -- which is annoying, obviously. it happens to me now with others too (probably because of nosebook), as it seems they're aware of my thoughts -- and sometimes I just want to think about someone in whatever way I'm thinking about them, because I'm kinda like channeling them. if joseph smith were present here physically, almost certainly I would have felt quite a strong physical reaction from him a few years ago, but I've reduced my resistance to others resistance quite a bit, and I just let others have the right to their own opinion on my thoughts about them (or other things), and their opinion doesn't need to bother to me, nor need to prove to them that my reputation or relationship status is diffrent than they suspect.
  this, I believe is likely to do with the x-chromosome, as the visual (motion) vibration of a person feels very strongly, which isn't *all* visual, as it's possible to affect the motion in the space around you pretty effortlessly (chi energy), and so the way that another person pulsates can produce quite a physical sensation. this happens in the imagination, and is likely why female bloodlines are required by the pharoahs (and other dynasties) to provide that concept to motion translation in the imagination.
    notice the difference here is that this is "concept to *motion*" (76) translation in the astral/imagination -- but I'm talking about is "concept to *emotion*" (56) translation -- which is entirely different because it's basically a non-visual implementation/replacement for the imagaination.
  and so all I'm seeing is their concpt manifest in physical vibration, which gets turned into *emotion* for me. that *emotion* causes me to have the reaction to their appearance in my non-visual imagination.
I realise (now) that the sentence should also be said: I also want to "see" what I want to "see" as well.
  it is annoying that others present to me a an *emotional* vibration which causes such a reaction in my physical body, but as I'm getting better and better at feeling no resistance to other people, I'm getting better and that response is lessening.
  you know what would be a really cool "sick joke" for nosebook to play on me, would be to artificially block other people's emotions from me, so that I don't feel them and lower resistance to them. I'd just not feel any problem with these people, even though there was a negative response in there -- then at some day me (or anyone else jumping into any body similar to my own), will feel those emotions at such an intense rate, that they'd have to develop a new way to see what they want to see, to dissimulate away from the terrible emotion that they feel around people projecting ideas that are disharmonious with my own. I'll be forced to conform to them and how they feel, or I'll dissimulate into my mind. maybe then too (hopefully I'm not too distracted seeing what I want to see) to actually take the time to lower my conceptual resistance to how they feel, and instead choose racism and factionalism (around the people that have like thoughts to me, I feel good about what they feel good about, and vice-versa) and then we (by "we" I mean me, because I doubt others will join me) will have to figure out a way to lower our resistance to each other, not by how we look, but how we feel toward each other. extra "sick joke" points for specifically making a strong similarity (or perhaps reflection) amongst appearance and feeling, so that all people who feel the same way, all kind of look the same -- you know, like anti-diversity extra racism points :) lol
  anyone else excited?
  doesn't it feel exhilerating to see how we're going to figure out inborn racism?
    for me, the idea of itself is something that is exhilerating to me because it's a new faculty of sensation that we'll have in our physical experience as the result of the solution.
    like, just extrapolate with me for a second: the minute that you start to make a strong association between appearance and feeling, we're going to begin to rely on it, and it'll work mostly, but it'll be pretty evident that someone somewhere (who knows who) will want to make theirselves appear nicer than they feel -- like you know someone is going to find a cosmetic fix for it, and that's going to cause a new way of bypassing that glaring flaw in the design of a species.
      when you link two or more experiences to one sensory input, then it causes conflation of the senses, thinking that those two sensory bands are in some way linked, when they're not. after sufficient deception, and desire to perceive the difference between these two experiences, as experienced in certain situations -- and then when the number of certain not explainable situations where the two experiences are definitely different, reaches a *critical mass*, then a new faculty is developed to discern the difference between those two experiences as related to the sensor input. easy :)
    just imagine that we all get to jump in and figure out how to feel about confusing race issues and get really distracted with that, when all we're wanting to do is just to accustomed ourselves to the invisible (not perceivable, but experienced self vibration) that I truely am actually connected to the "all that is" -- the physical is just the distraction, but we love to distract ourselves so we jump into these sorts of "simulations" to produce a new sense organ in the human; indistinguishable from work.
  call me a "glutton for punishment" but I feel like I'm on a machine reality where I bombard myself with (that is, subject myself to) more and more of these nutzo realities that I have to figure out how to feel good about. the more I can do it, the less anyone can touch me, and so I kind of blend through the fabric of reality because I don't have any resistance to any of it.
    the faster I release resistance, the faster I'll make that transition into what it's like to be a zero-resistance being. I'm sure others are already there by cheating -- but it's allright, cause they're all heading in the same direction as us anyway, so if they want to get their sins forgiven, just jump into the simulation that we're in once we get it going.
    when I finally make that transition, it's going to affect a lot of people's realities, because right now we see resistances to the things that prevent us from moving from experience to an other different-feeling experience effortlessly and without resistance.
      if I had to guess, that'll likely happen to many people without their really having asked for it, because it's going to be really cool: they can now just float between all of the experiences projecting into experiences where I take interest.
      however, like I said, I'm doing this thing with the girls though where we're all going to be kinda on a very different system of emotions which I described how to exploit above, so I won't be on that experience of basically non-existant resistance, cause all emotion is resistant in some way.
      having each concept with a sort of resistance profile *is* what makes the conceptual realm awesome like it is, because it's going a whole programming system that's usable with just emotions. it's kind of like a computer that we all access seemingly naturally -- but it's a sort of technology, I beieve. vulcan comes to mind.
    most will have that capacity to just feel no resistance to certain situations, cept the ones (like me -- always me) that are going to be purposefully having that resistance hijacked and explioited to produce in the future (not the present) another novel sensory input we can't possibly comprehend right now.
  the funny thing is, though is that because I'm so attractactive to others, I defeat myself because I end up tuning into their conceptual spaces and they make it take significantly longer to get to the non-resistant state like that.
  it looks like I've forced myself into slowing down (life is like that, cause I can't go faster than I can go, so I can't go too fast.
  I've actually got to go the speed more than 50% of the population is going -- rathar, closer to 100% of the population at this point because of homosexualtiy, but that's not the point.
  the point is that we *are*,
    whether we want to admit it or not,
    all on the same sort of emotional network together just by sharing similar genetics
    the human organism is a sort of machine, actually -- and we're all built in directly connected to each other for the sharing of lots of data. sound like vulcan anyone?
    the only thing we need to do to start using it is to develop that new faculty. I figured it out, and others can too. it's really quite easy, and you can too. you'll see eventually.
  the human race.
I guess we'll all "see"/see what we want to "see"/see in our own special way.
