# nance-notes

### 2022-12-09 18:07 - illiad books as destiny

imagine a primitive race of humans. you see them and you teach them to fight and drop the illiad into thier possession. these guys authorized a new phenomenal reality for them. I'm sure at the beginning it was horrific to everyone who got it ... then, with time, that just started to become the way of life (never-ending war).

right in the book, it tells them of how ugly war is, but they don't know that yet -- they have to figure it out, so they play out these new authorized realities. twisted narrators of the human past. you know, that's how compress time -- by making "worse" history toward the present utopia.

it's like you know how in hollywood where they either straight up invent a backstory (like in coon n friends) or really polish it up... well, imagine you did the opposite. instead of cleaning up the backstory, you tried to make it the most vile and derelict backstory ever. why does it always have to be clean? I think one of the objectivces of the shakespere project is trying to tell us forward in time -- it's OK to if horrible things have happened. he blurred the line between tragedy and comedy -- which is considerably different then rending your clothing throwing yourself on the ground and weeping. I think that's important.

the drama of the deaths is so overdone that I think this was put in on purpose to make them really fear death. if they knew they were mentally compareable to a tribe of chimpanzees, they don't have enough consciousness to begin to perceive from the universal perspective. in that stage, we were like insects or very primitive mammels. it's a sort of dream state because enki's conditions were so perfect and awesome. everyone felt like a million bucks, the gods felt like trillions or billions, much more than us, but still very good for us too. it was a picnic of slavery -- more closer to being pets and house attendants. right, so then after all of that falls down, these guys have been narrating complete nonsense to these poor extremely naieve humans, and in the end, you always see these stories showing up which are painting the gods in a certain light. these are the cover stories for them, but for us, they authorise reality until we start to authorise our own reality.

you can tell they were getting better and better at coming up with these symbolic stories, *in my opinion* much earlier on -- like the illiad and the oddessy; the stuff they pump out today is not nearly as meaningful and brilliant as the stuff today. what I think is that the medium is becoming less and less physical all the time, and even the way we converse is changing, so it's getting harder and harder to do realistic dialoge. imagine how they will have to tell stories when we no longer communicate as much in words.

what if our communication is visual? I personally don't like it. I kinda have it in my heart to make a *technological* system whereby emotions and and/or the body sensory chemicals we relate to emotions will be the transmission medium. I want it to be like these sort of zones where you share a communication space. this is especially awesome for concerts and DJs (cause you experience the vibe, music, etc. of that whole space). it's not visual, cept we'll use tablets and phones to power and control the devices. huh, you probably wouldn't want to lose it. I'll figure out a solution.

my intention is to do all of this *technologically* is because they are saying no to touching the astral, but they have zero claims on the frequencies higher than that in the conceptual. it's like an open internet there. call it the akashic records or the world id ideas, it doesn't matter. I want to connect to it technologically and allow others to do it too. all data sent and received will also be felt by you, and so it'll become natural, like I do to use my feeling to multitask a lot of things at once. none of them are visual, until we can connect it to a screen, that is. screens are going to be very very HD, so it'll be cool.

---

so, that went a completely different direction than I wanted to go. sometimes I have to stay on track. I just wanted to give the imagination of writing even more ridiculous epic poetry for a future human race. that'd be dope right? I think it's dope. I'd do it.

### 2022-12-09 19:13 - humans are like organisms when they start out

I tond to think of it like mycellium in a mudium/substrate. the organism reachs a stable equillibrium and then continues to grow or die (like mycellium). after enough perturbations in the organism consciousness begins to emerge, like a mushroom sprouting up -- it's like a head starts to form and then it grows to its hight. it's height is determined by some unknown process, and then when it hits that height, it sorta sprays out in some cases. others it's like an umbrella. you can think of the support structures that allow the vela to come out are determind by conceptual and emotional factors (that's my experience anyway), and so our conscious focus can actually change the shape of the mushroom (ref: penis envy). civilisations that begin to emerge in these heads of consciousness are still largely group think because they haven't developed enough mentation of their universe to do more -- and they definitely don't have the *I* am right perspective yet, still adhering to we (the organism) perspective.

---

therefore on their path to become conscious and more individual, it my belief that we learn through a narrative structure. the humans, being naieve, still thinking the gods are so great are willing to try anything. so, awful things get happened depending on how you're tuning the species.

I noticed tonight that the more war there is, the less the individuals of the species want to be right -- because wars (illiad) and petty arguments (shakespere's works) have been great reality authorship to guide our interactions with each other, we must look to see how that effects the resulting *individual*. so, it looks like: the more pointless wars, bloodshed, and domestic disputes that a race can have, the less of a desire to be right the individual will have. what that means is, it will take a monumental set of circumstances to break from the group and become an individual in his rightness.

therefore, I wonder how far this could be taken. like, what if there was a massive race that had billions and billions of years of no need to be right about things, followed by lots and lots of bloodshed, nobody ever will think to be right. it'll be like a beehive. who in the world would ever have the preposterous idea to decide "no, I'm right" in *that* culture? well, probably me.

### 2022-12-09 20:12 - disney and stuff

@[youtube](https://youtu.be/7SiIDcdtS9o)

I just watcheds a "fan" video (narrated by a robot) about differeng videos this fan likes. they were like disney from a long time ago, and I clicked on it for some reason after writing the above comment about how to program the social interactions with narrative elements. I'm certain that girls all around the world picked up on the heavy concepts that were puc into the writing (girls are stupid, girls are nosey, girls compete against other girls, girls do things manipulatively and for ulterior motives).

personally, it's pretty obvious to me all of the cues that they give other girls to behave similarly. it's kind of difficult to explain how apparent the concepts are, asd I think it may be because of their acting. I think the directors told them like, "ok here be really snooty and upset that she didn't telly you (or whatever)", and so the actor just acts how she's told to act, but the ending result is that other girls now think this is normal. it's the "cold" version of the authorized reality, because it's low defintion visuals.

see how these sorts of "cold" authorised realities can't really be done the same way in the illiad. like for esample when menaleus tries to kill paris, he has like a small speech between each blow, but disney actors can just do it with a face and some attitude. each girl that "wants to be pretty like her" or whatever then implements her own version of the same syntax that she observed on TV.

scripted drama doesn't translate well to realistic conversations, so they serve more to display an attitude or reaction to circumstances (kinda like menaleus speeches).

I've tried to avoid all of these these sorts of types of things mostly because I can't really stand to listen to those types of conversations and meaningless drama. sometimes I wonder what it would by like to sit in on one of these guys writing scripts for these disney films (or the author of the illiad, or shakespere).

when I get the capacity to peer across space and time, one of the first thing I want to do is to explore the narrative structure of our reality; sit in on their discussions of how they want the various hollywood films, shakespere plays, etc. -- like get the dirt on the human narrators. I bet people would pay to watch that. I wonder if I would want to modify it to make it better or worse?

PS: I know it feels weird that I write to you now and it feels like I took the fun out of it. don't worry that's always the response that I get from my interactions with people. like war, I'm much better to read about and experience at a distance -- than to be up close and personal with all of the gory details. I'm quite an intense person to be around -- just imagine how much more intense *that* would be, lol... you'll get used to it... it's like when someone becomes famous -- it's weird and exciting at first, but then it just becomes normal and they sink into the routine/absurdity of it. happens to all of us. you just figure out who you are and then go with the flow (that's what I do, anyway: I follow my heart).

PS2: I'd also like to mention that I'm a like a robot. I made this character where I tell you what I think honestly *no matter what* and it's been my goto personality for most of my life. the situations that have resulted from someone who's honest in the middle of a bunch of thieves and ambitious types makes for brilliant comedy -- but again, like war, it's best remembered (in my perspective), than to see all of the gorey details. my afterthought is often pretty acurate, but not my forethought, hence why I like to make predictions that I can back up and why I don't expect much from people.

when I was a kid, I treated the world like a computer, thinking that everyone was givging me valid data. that was not the case. I've developed over the years a system to figure out what people are really trying to say. every character has an interface. imagine a character that the narrators have to give aspects to, but are unable to do so because the interactions are *too* honest. drama is all about feigning, and these guys want to be serious, so I interact with them very seriously -- how they would want to hear exactly what is happening without any fluff/drama. drama is fun, but my narrators are still too serious. why can't I joke about nosebook and all the failures of the government, nosebook and the like?

my interface with the world doesn't really exist. you know I haven't really had a conversation about the stuff that matters to me, because I tend to perceive so much, so nobody can really talk to me. as such, the few conversations that I have are kind of like these disney scenes where the conversation is designed to show how people of similar symbolic quality (mom, me or jaron, so basically unrelatable) are going to interact with the situation. because I'm so unrelatable, I'm kind of like a shamen. I'm exploiting that image a bit and also because I'm so unrelatable, I can kinda do whatever I want. I'm zeus, essentially.

in order to begin an interface with a person, I have to essentially "decode" them, meaning we're kind of like one mind. this happens all the time with 7th rays. for example, with thad, I seemed to always do exactly the thing he desired/feared I do. that's that mental connection that I get and so I become magical because I just do what they desire/fear. nothing is scripted, kinda more like the shakespere players than a TV series.

anyway, bescause I have to interact with a person to know how to interface with them, most of the time I have no idea what to expect from a person (no interface). everyone is too scared I'll manifest their fears into reality for them. as such, there is someone out there that has enough desire to be fearless. when this happens, it's magic because of my lack of expectaion for people, I rely on other senses. this has many advantages, because it's often that I'll know the right thing to say at times (or the wrong thing, depending on their expectations). this is a problem because telepathy, so it's avoided (it's too hard to script something that doesn't have words).

no expectations also means I don't have an agenda for anyone. I'm a 100% selfish robot kind of thing that's conscious. I get an idea and I want to make it, and then it eats at me. I have to create it. I can't not let it go. it gets delayed over and over, but eventually I'll get there. as a result, my ego is massive. I have made it through (excellently in some cases) very well in situations where I don't know what to do. the more I interface with peole, the better the communication and translation, it is. like a kid (before they're taught what is polite), I just translate most major thoughts into voice (and they get broadcasted). my narrators have placed me into a format where I'm to behave like a fully grown newborn that can talk, but only about the things the narrators want me talking about. I guess I could just make more sounds... like the disney characters -- I'll practise my sighs of disapproval and other such things... good idea.
