# poeticc-ob-serv-vrence

### 2023-03-02 13:59 - poetry vs writing

I like writing here because I get to express my emotional reactions to some ideas. inbetween mind dribble, there are, occasionally some poetic ideas written in there. they take the form of really long lines with a lot of brief but insightful lines, in which their greatnesses, are probably lost because of formatting.

as I was reading john keats' poem today, "Ode to Psyche" -- I wanted to make some edits to it, because afterall he was, and so was his publisher. some of the changes that I wanted to make are so dramatic so as to completely change the meaning (though retain a lot of its feeling). the thing is, when writing poetry, I noticed my brain switched into a whole different form of perception where I was worried about not only the appearance of the words, but how they *sounded* -- most importantly how those sounds made me feel. this is considerably different from how I write normally, which is usually about observations and rants that I have. included below a lot of the surface material are a lot of very insightful things. I've come to learn (from the reactions that I receive), that a sufficiently controversial subject is often the best to work with because the ideas betwixt are kind of like mind viruses. they infect and plague the mind of my reader and I feel the expression of my thoughts is a new dimesion now previously experienced. this, I believe is the pleasure of the poet.

after making a few edits I wanted to know a bit more about the guy and to get to know his backstory because I couldn't explain the ideas that I was feeling. I [watched his documentary](https://youtu.be/xtsZ79kt4Iw) and then with a little bit of wikipedia (so you know it's "right" way to look at it), I think I figured out his life:

he had a somewhat difficult life starting out, but the thing that I felt the most was his mother's estate being taken by a gold digger. there was something with his sister; I think he admired and probably lusted after her too. his sister and mother setup a number of symbols in his life for the identity of women. he setup a lot of ideals, I believe, that, simply put, normal (and mortal) women could not meet. he was the reception of a lot of affection from his male friends and they started to get him into poetry.

I believe somewhere around the time of writing "endymion" he realised the summoning power of poetry and prose, and that started to put him into an idea that he can summon the ideals of his mind into reality. somewhere after that, probably after reading shakesepere, as a reflection of his perception of "claribel" (clara isabella -> clear beautiful isis) he summoned isabella jones (I wonder, btw, if she's related to inigo jones). she seemed to be everything that he wanted, and essentially he'd summoned venus (the consort of saturn).

upon reading the play "bright star" I realised at once that he's talking about venus the morning/evening star, not aphrodite, the earth -- so, in a sense, he's confusing the ideal (venus) with the terrestrial. something else I feel also happened where something that isabella did reminded him of his sister, and so now the ideal is replaced by the terrestrial. her name is fanny (frances) brawn. she has the same name as his sister, and also the name of francis (saturninus), master of the golden ass. notice her name too -- fanny, as in hindsight, and brawn, as in the thing he's not.

he was forever plagued by money, not because he couldn't get a job, but because he loved the lofty feelings that he felt when writing poetry and expressing his ideal desires -- and, of course, that couldn't possibly be accomplished while sawing people open without anesthesia. so, as any ideal poet, musician, or artist will do, he resigned himself to the struggling artist frame of mind. he started to realise and pay the earthly consequences of his summoning -- with the terrestrial reality of his ideals.

the other thing was his struggle for love. because he felt that his ideal women could not be satisfied by a terrestrial women -- this is better explained by example:

noitice the similarity to my life between isabella (patricia) and fanny (raquel). patricia was my ideal women -- you know, she could program, and seemily could tell me things that I didn't know -- and all sorts of things. I only saw my ideal version of her -- and though she would often remind me that she is not ideal, I still liked the ideal version of her in my head. simply put, the person she saw in the mirror is not the same person I saw with my eyes. I was very much to happy to meet the terrestrial version of my ideals (expectations) in raquel, but of course -- my own perceptions brought that to an end in a simlar way. most guys in that kind of situation are then forced to either: go gay and accept men's affections, try and repaint the next girl that shows up as also the ideal, or hold out and simply figure outt what it is that I'm missing in my perception. I thankfully have chosen the ultimate.

the reason, why poetry is such a great summoner of ideas is because it puts the poet into essentially a state of looking only the symbols and concepts present in the poem. if the poem is a favourable one with lofty ideals, the believable parts of those will be manifest into reality, so that the poet can see the (believable) aspects of her ideals manifest. in focusing on those ideas for a length of time, it's an extremely attractive thing, and so the manifestation of that those symbols do happen -- and this is the function of saturn. like 9/11, and the resurrection of lazarus, those symbols can either be a poetic representation (eliciting emotion from the viewer/listener), or it can be reality -- and that reality is only as real as you believe it to be -- much like oliviera's dream-like passage way up to world champion -- that is, until he has to, like someone waking up, try and relive the dream fading so fast, that felt so good just a minute ago.

#### 2023-03-02 14:57 - on poetic summoning

so then, sitting out in the sun a little earlier, I noticed that I should be careful to be editing the poem of another guy -- especially one that is an "ode to psyche". you know, I noticed that *reading* (and reciting) poetry (like the lines to a shakespere play) also has a summoning effect to it as well.

I'd also like to note that he (john keats) also went to naples before he went to rome. I didn't really understand this until I started to read shakespere's tempest the other night in originall versions, because ... naples is not the real place. naples represents the den of the power hungry. to understand, let's just assume that john anthony and alan green are right, and so we'll overlay that story and so imagine that he's the rightful heir to the throne, but instead, because of elizabeth's "abstinance", this turned out to be the end of that line in the tudor dynasty -- so therefore, prospero (francis), is there to symbolically get vere (and the tudor dynasty) married off to prospero's daughter (miranda).

keats went to naples, and then to rome where he died. you have to understand that a similar thing is happening -- so I'd like to explain a bit further: notice how propspero is the rightful owner to millaine. also notice how prospero who is symbolically saturn, given in the description of "the tempest", is saturninus, governer of rome where the golden ass (lucious, lavinia, tamora, and aaron), play out the symbolic ideal of this reality in the play "titus andronicus"?

the difference between the venusian reality (which I think is linked to vega) and the terrestrial version *is* what's important: in my life, the reality (raquel) version neither couldn't exist because, early on our relationship was seeded with inconstance by patricia. I didn't believe that I could ever have two girlfriends at once -- not because I didn't believe it, but because a lot of well-meaning people like rupert, felix, and (forgot his name: side-burns) told me that having more than one girlfrind is bad and needs to be hidden, not to mention joax' constant hiding and lying to lorena, I just didn't think it could possibly work out, right... so exactly like rupert, who seemed to manage many girlfriends at once, I just avoided the question and changed the subject.

so what's happening here is that I'm seeing the difference between the ideal version (prospero's daughter -- the venusian reality), and the terrestrial (aphrodite) reality. in the tempest, millain is defined by ferdinand when says "thousand thousand" (A3S1,110) -- and then is later defined by prospero to come about after things become night. skipping over a lot of details, milliane is the "new earth". prospero is the rightful owner of it... I'll just explain what I saw:

yesterday I was [writing about two different worlds](/string-board.md#2023-03-01-1231---two-worlds), and I offered the idea that I feel it's actually a really good idea to find a way to give them their own kind of venusian reality they can live in; I sighted the song by xandria, "world of dreams vs world of realities" and that venus is likely a very different planet perceiving from the astral plane. I was stuck with a conundrum that I aimed to work out today, which is that if the world that vulcan, mars, and venus created (as featured in the golden ass), what then would a world created by saturn, titan (the golden ass), cupid, miranda/psyche create? I noticed that it seems to be a reflection about the midpoint, and I figure I'm somewhere in the origin of cupid, so therefore a 1st ray -- which, if vulcan created a -3, then would create a -7...

so, yesterday when I was talking about it, I was saying to create them a new planet -- but the planet that would be created (a 7th ray) would shoot out of saturn as a world of realities, not a world of dreams. therfore, making a new world for them would be defeating what they want. just now reading the tempest, I noticed the line

    Was Milan thrust from Milan, that his issue
    Should become kings of Naples? O, rejoice
    Beyond a common joy, and set it down
    With gold on lasting pillars: in one voyage
    Did Claribel her husband find at Tunis,
    And Ferdinand, her brother, found a wife
    Where he himself was lost; Prospero his dukedom
    In a poor isle; and all of us ourselves
    When no man was his own.

it looks to me (especially in originall), like millaine was thrust from millaine, which looks to me like a planet (like venus came out of the forehead of jupiter, cause of the relationship vulcan's jealousy over mars) -- and so mars/titus, being being the reverse reality creation of jupiter and ganymede -- produces another such planet as venus (as jupiter's reality coming to fruition). notice how keats also, after having a number of homosexual relationships, where he's the ass -- after putting what he *wanted* into poetry (instead of beating his cheekes to what he doesn't want), he finally summoned the girl of his ideals. she quickly turned into reality as a terrestrial reflection (egregore?) of his, empressed symbols of love and romance in his poetry. this reality reflection manifested to send him on his way toward his concepts (active in his mind), as defined by his sister, mother & his male lover's concepts then later his interpretation of those concepts, into reality.

there's also a number of interesting things about the quality of the garments freshness being like the time when the king of carthage/tunis was getting married to claribel (clear beautiful isis) -- which could even be a reference to terence, I feel. something also about widow dido, widdower aeneas (probably significant).

so, anyway -- if I'm going to go to the "new earth" -- the planet of reality, that would allow this earth to successfully go up to becoming a world of dreams, ruled by saturn (6d). they can keep their great pyramid and all of their secrets (something I felt was a sort of deal-breaker for them on that idea) -- which means, like ferdinand, I would have to follow the instructions that are set fourth by prospero for the acquision of milaine -- however that, like everone else is the *ideal* version of those symbols, and the reality that's manifested for prospero, may be slightly different than what he's putting out there (hence the epilogue).

the thing that I have to do is to find a way to keep the terrestrial version of these things in mind -- which means avoiding poetry (the ideal version) and instead working on the terrestrial version. the thing that comes to mind is the idea I had for ChAsm, which is a really realistic version of charactors, reflectors, and centres. the other thing is that I'm finding out (see future entry to nikki-ana-jones), I don't really want to do narration in the way that shakespere does. I don't like how narrative doesn't need to conform to LOA perspective of reality. I much prefer the realistic way of using LOA, cause that's what I'm comfortable with -- cause, if I get too much over the top idealistic with poetry, it'll manifest the exact opposite of what prospero wants.

another I idea of what I could do, I imagine, would be to write realistic poetry. it sounds funny and it might be kind of weird to make realistic poetry, and it's also kinda a foil to those not seeing the LOA centre perspective still (see future entry to nikki-ana-jones), becasuse it'll also shape the reader's expectations (just like poetry and narrative does). I'll perhaps try it out a little bit later.
