# random thoughts

a place to put all of the stuff that I don't really know where to put elsewhere. I want to start doing random opinion pieces. previously most of them went into blahblog, but that's getting really full.

so it's kinda like blahblog, but I want to put tons of really far-out stuff in here. the inspiration for this is russ's descrition of listening to joshua cutchin talk and how he kinda processes things out loud. I do that too, so I thought I would try to do it more.

### 2022-06-18 11:31 - bigfoot

last night I listened to snake-bros #097 - everything paranormal with joshua cutchin, and russ brought up a point that so many of these (I think) "cryptozoology" species seem to show up in these asteroid craters -- and josh made the comment that there's a reason why alister crowley got a house next to a lake with the loch ness monster in it. also, earlier on in the interview he made the connection between bigfoot and alien abductions and fae -- meaning that they have an impact on our consciousness and perception, and sorta implying that many of these entities like the grays, fae, and even bigfoot come from a realm that can be tuned in to in certain places on the planet (like meteor craters) and with psychedellics like DMT[^1].

basically what I believe is happening there with that is that all of these beings (the fae, bigfoot, the greys, etc)  are all conceptual entities (ie fallen-angels) and were probably created with a specific purpose. when I say conceptual entites, I mean 5d entities, so they can project down into time and space where they please just like I propose that I can as well.

my working hypothesis for the origin of these entities is actually tiamat/zyron. so, I think that mars is where the annunaki were first located, and their setup was failing. alalu represents the phoenix bird, a bird of fire, and enki represents a being of water.

mars I believe was designed to be a tech civ that many angels[^2] would be attracted to enter into bodies of that civ's inhabitants and control from the top. kuthumi and the sirians say that these angels were the original INFECTCED ones that chose to try and use greed, power, and control to make theirselves mighty, as taught by the "corrupted 7th ray". so, mars was going to attract all of the power hungry astral entities (angels), and then earth and tiamat are going to attract the rest. now, whether or not there were really INFECTED ONES or not is equal to me because they can be created -- which is the whole concept behind fuzzing-time-pickles, so whether I created these INFECTED ONES or they got pulled into bodies by births which are similar in frequency to them, doesn't matter to me.

a while back, I proposed that the sun "uses" females as a way of getting a human body (with the proper genetics) ready for incarnation into physical form -- and to do this, it's basically the frequential adjustment of the x-chromosome to match a similarly enough incarnating entity.

I'll get back to the mars thing in a second. this is important. imagine for a moment that the sun is a 2nd ray. then it takes in 2nd or 6th ray (astral) energy and outputs 2nd ray energy. this is clearly the opposite of the moon, which I believe is a 6th ray, taking in 2nd/6th ray energy and outputting 6th ray (astral) energy. so what is 2nd ray energy? 2nd ray energy is the midpoint between desire and mentation -- so it's kinda like the imagination of the non-physical, meaning that there are a lot of entities that desire to feel various ways (fear, pleasure, etc), and the sun, being a 2nd ray emits energy that is very high frequency which cascades down into lower harmonics wich prepares the environment for such a manfestation of desire to feel (5th) a certain way. it has to find a way to allow that desire to become a reality. remember that there are no "good and bad" in the sense that we know it. this is purely a mathematical transformation, and time as we know it does not exist as such either.

so think about the 6th ray astral input to the sun. the astral serves as the midpoint between the physical and the conceptual, so it combines what you feel and elements of the physical reality to make an image that you can recognise as being real. those images are always resonant with you in some way, so that you can see them, but most importantly, this resonance is also *how you feel*, meaning that the sun takes in input from a range of purely physical vibration (like vibrating crystals) all the way to the very highest frequency most abstract emotion -- and the sirians say that it's at this most abstract part of the conceptual plane is where the "SOLAR ANGEL" resides -- meaning that the "souls" of all of the dead people are at the highest frequency part of the conceptual plane. this aligns with what abraham says, and also with dtp as well.

they essentially give three bodies: the physical, the astral, and the spiritual. abraham goes on to say that you leave behind all of the physical crap -- all the "physical resistance" and emerge as "pure positive energy back into non-physical" -- which I think the "soul" does remain extant, and you don't just go off into complete nothingness. the sirians basically say that you (the "monad") exist in layers 1-3 and that each of us has this "godhead", layer 4 is the midplane and it's the SOLAR ANGEL on the top of the 5th that gives the "monad" its entrance into the physical realm. after the 4th initiation, the body is at a compatible frequency with the monad and the solar angel can be released.

so in that sense, you can think of these conceptual entites as solar angels. they're just entities that serve a purpose for the sun. they can step down the energy of any monad that they're tuned to -- so it's basically here that that the x-chromosome does most of the work of converting solar energy into compatible physical energy (ie protons into ATP).

so, to put it into basic termxs, I believe a lot of these bigfoot, fae, greys, etc are all just solar angels. I call them "fallen-angels" because of the next part of the mars story. mars atmosphere was almost certainly failing because of rampant dissatisfaction, and so their astral output was dissatisfaction and physical vibration. the sun, being a 2nd ray, provided them with the 2nd ray energy they needed to produce more dissatisfaction. from their perspective, that's bad, so they had to find a way to keep the sun's rays out of their planet because it was causing them to feel the way they desired (more dissatisfaction). they had to find a solution to their environment problem.

I believe that the water guy (enki) went to earth, and the fire guy (alalu) went to tiamat/zyron. alalu made a bunch of beings there and really great conditions on that planet. those great conditions attracted all of the rest of the angels in the galaxy that like good conditions. they incarnated into the bodies of the super humans on tiamat. I find it possible that after accomplishing his greatest accomplishment, alalu then probably started to self-sabotage, and this is probably how enlil was created -- as a solar angel to defeat alalu. well, the guys on mars (probably headed up by enlil) couldn't stand to see someone doing so well on tiamat. they probably had such a great environment and all sorts of wonderful stuff, but the entities there are naive and didn't know about attraction yet so when mars tried to elevate itself to a superior position (nibiru), and exterminate alalu.

this is the story of lucifer (alalu) getting thrown out of heaven (mars), and he went to go do his own thing, but then "God" (enlil) got pissed off and caused the fall of lucifer and his angels. well, in the process of all of this destruction, all of the angels incarnated into the bodies on tiamat also became "fallen-angels" and I do believe that even more were created as well, so the conceptual plane (spirit realm) is inhabited by lots and lots of entities -- some good and some bad -- and the sun uses these entities equally (good and bad are just a social construct).

---

so now imagine you're the sun and you have a spectrum of all these different souls that you can use to move around and incarnate into bodies to produce the frequency that is necessary to manifest a desire, you would be unable to see good or bad in that context -- instead, you just see vibration 1 + vibration 2 - vibration 3, amplify it by this amount, etc and we get the desired vibration, so you set out to do that -- and then we have us here in the physical trying to go against that vibration. we say, no I don't want this "bad" thing to happen to me, because I'm looking through physical eyes, and can't see the end result of the creation -- we just see something changing, so we fight it. the sun's "job" is to learn how to not try and force a vibration on us, but to instead find more and more ways to ease and accomodate the vibration change.

so in that sense, females are very important because they can eventually produce a physical body for one of these solar angels (souls) to incarnate into.

so then I was thinking about the bigfoot thing and I think they kind of do a very similar thing. a while back (#027), brett summed up dr. melba ketchum's paper on the bigfoot DNA and one of the interesting things is that they have the ability to have YY chromosomes (though it wasn't clear if they ever found any XX).

the way I look at it, I tend to associate the x-chromosome with the wanted aspect and the conceptual, and also the solar angel. various transformations can be made to produce a boy with the proper X to incarnate a human soul, so I postulated that females being XX essentially carry resonators to two solar angels, and so therefore can produce the requisite body.

I still haven't figured out the y-chromosome yet, but I typically associate it with the unwanted aspect. I can't say for other men, but for me personally, I started off my life in a very bad place. naturally, at an early age, I was drawn to violence, guns, fighting, and stuff like that. over time, I learned how to direct that energy and I became much more feminine in nature -- and so I started to pay more attention to wanted and go after that but I'll probably head into unwanted again as I seem to have a fast cycle[^3].

so then in the context of bigfoot, it seemed apparent to me when I woke up that the YY cryptids are performing a sort of amplification of Y frequency and also a similar thing that XX does, where the combination allows for the transformation of those two chromomes (the more dominant one to have more effect) to produce transformations on the unwanted aspect.

I say "unwanted" because all accounts of cyrptids I've heard of, they're terrified of humans (fear) so they have to constantly remain hidden (amun priesthood). they seem to be involved in all of that astral wierdness that so pervaded crowley's work. I also associate less body hair with good-feeling and a more conceptually evolved being[^4], so generally they represent involution and a more return to animal and astral nature.

[1]: though psylocibin hydrolyses into DMT, it's been my experience that the mushroom consciousness very much controls thme experience, and they want to go on an experience with you. I've personally, never heard of shrooms causing someone to see fae (the mean ones) or gray aliens -- though you can choose to tune into whatever you want. however, with synthetic DMT, I imagine it's much more flexible with what you can tune tto.

[2]: kuthumi and the sirians take this a step further and say that this galaxy was specifically designed with the physical layer in it (other galaxies don't have a physical layer, so perhaps that's why they're all "red shifted") and the INFECTED ones came to this galaxy from all over the universe. I believe that OAHSPE recounts the perspective of this galaxy, "jehovih" and so since it's all attraction, you have to imagine that jehovih is a perfect reflection of the INFECTED ONES in order to attract them. you'll notice all of the throne room worshipping and extreme heierarchy of the whole thing. jehovih, his angels and his super power structure heierarchy composes the "spirit realm" (the astral and conceptual) of this galaxy.

[3]: so, if you'll recall my exploration into the 36/72y cycles of males and females, I noted that I've noticed most girls are on a 36y cycle, where they start off fully mom's X, then go more toward dad's X and reach full at 36 and then start to go back toward mom's X and reach peak of that at 72y again. I noticed that I have a similar cycle, and for example when I turned 36, I noticed a weird change where I went from going toward wanted, to suddenly wanting to start self-sabotaging. that was right in the time when I started to go toward max disaster, and continually heading toward unwanted. as this cycle continues to strengthen, I notice that my proposed time to leave is 2038, which is around 54y (18x3), which is when I would be at peak unwanted (Y) and starting to head back into wanted (X) territory again.

[4]: when I say evolved, I don't mean technologically evolved cause all the guys with the tech had the biggest beards and stuff. I mean, *emotionally* evolved. in lbe, after ka-in kills abael after a strong emotional outburst (I know that one), ninshizidda "adjusts his ME" so that he no longer has a beard and sends him to wander in asia and americas. this obviously is a cover story, but the assocaition is clear that the emotionally/conceptually more potent ones typically have less facial hair (like women).

### 2022-06-27 21:18 - younger dryas

yesterday I listened to snake-bros #107 - dabblers den, followed by the interview with randall for #108. I woke up thinking about the impact hypothesis, because in the interview chris cotrell got really excited about the comment to george howard that the carolina bays, though it's the "kooky caboose", could turn out to be the thing that's kinda driving the whole younger dryas event. over the years of listening to these guys talk about it, an image has formed in my mind of the event, so I thought I'd relate that here.

chris said that you have to look at the world like it's a sphere, not a flat map, and so looking at the carolina bays crater angles, the asteroid/comet (whatever) seems to have clearly impacted the top of the ice sheet. I've heard claims that the pieces of ice went up ridiculously high and then came back down, but if the ice is already a mile up, you just need a low angle impact on the top of the ice sheet to blow all of that ice out in a pretty horizontal trajectory; it doesn't need to go so high up to go that far.

so, I do think that the carolina bays are pretty important to the younger dryas event and I think that zamorra's work explains the ellipse features the best, too. however, a cometary impact like that doesn't explain a mamoth being flash frozen, and dying of asphyxiation.

---

the image I get in my mind about the asphyxiation is that at that time earth had a very thick atmosphere with lots and lots of oxygen. I think they were arficially creating this atmosphere with the technology they acquired from tiamat.

the only way that you can turn that much oxygen into that much water is with A LOT of hydrogen. the sun has lots and lots of hydrogen (+), and the earth has a lot of oxygen (-) and then the artificial firmament that they were creating with that technology creates a dielectric insulator -- so it's something like a capacitor.

we also see that everywhere around the world, when this thing happened, everybody just downed tools and walked away from the massive stones they were moving around. I think there's a direct correlation between how much oxygen is in the atmosphere and how enhanced our superhuman powers are, and there's good reason for forests to have been a place where so many people's fears become reality (and all kinds of other weirdness).

when the comet came in, it did blow a massive hole in the top of the ice, but more importantly, it punctured a hole in the atmosphere and that began to start leaking oxygen out into space. in modern terms, this is just "dielectric breakdown" of the insulator in the capacitor -- and then the sun had been storing up quite a bit of charge for a while (as long as they've been running the firmament tech), so the sun has built up a lot of hydrogen (like a large amount of electrons on one plate) and is waiting for a path to be able to make the connection and neutralise the imbalance.

so, I just see the coment as the catalyst, which set off a chain of events, when the sun sent massive amounts of hydrogen our way to neutralise the massive oxygen buildup we had accumulated on the planet.

I explain the incongruence of the flood myths around the globe owing to the fact that the CME must have impacted the places where the flood myths are, and there, they would have experienced an extremely low pressure system. a sudden drop in pressure like that (from all of the oxygen turning into water), would instantly freeze stuff and cause asphyxiation.

so I don't know if it the carolina bays are the "driver" of the younger dryas event any more that the fuse is the "driver" to the bomb, but I do think that if it hadn't of happened, the sun would have never exploded -- but it was bound to happen some day.

---

since I'm on the subect, I think that comets are *attracted* to places with lots of oxygen because I've been thinking about how there are so many "spontaneous" fires that just seem to break out when comets come close to the earth causing the chicago fires and stuff (oct 8-10th I believe were the big ones) -- so the comets must interact with the oxygen causing it to spontaneously combust and cause those massive pillars of fire and other strange phenomena associated with those unexplained conflagrations.

obviously some research needs to be done to find out why exactly comets are attracted to and interact with oxygen, because I tihnk these are just the minutia of what's happening in a much larger system -- and so if it is the case that oxygen is an attractor of comets, then we don't really understand comets very well, but if right after the younger dryas event, we rebuilt the firmament system, a lot more oxygen would accomulate again, and so my hypothesis is that we attracted another comet again a second time and the process repeated, explaining the second spike in the greenland ice cores.

---

my last prediction is that, though I do believe that comets do seem attracted to oxygen, I think that oxygen is a highly vibratory element, and so we think of things in very simple ways right now with volts and potentials and stuff, but what I'm saying is that I think that those potentials are all manifestations of the same thing -- so a voltage potential is just two vibrations vibrating in opposite directions ways (think of the two fans from the magnetic monopole again), so hydrogen is one frequency and oxygen is another frequency, and so they appear to be separate because of a difference in frequency, but sometimes oxygen can vibrate in a way that is more attractive to similarly vibrating comets, and so out there in a nearly resistance-free environment of space, they do get attracted to earth.

I wonder if it's the spin of the asteroid/comet that's causing this frequency -- or if it's the orbit.

anyway, what I was meaning is I don't think all oxygen is created the same. when I was in spain, I noticed that the hospital oxygen all felt damp and flat, as if all of its life (vibration) had been sucked out of it. I also noticed quite a change in the oxygen between madrid and colorado, too. then after my first year here, the oxygen in colorado changed again and corresponding with this change, all of the really big and tall clouds that I saw went away and were replaced with those wispy thin (CO2) clouds the airplanes put in the sky, hence the origin of my theory on how those planes turning O2 into CO2 and the result is the trail.

so, in conclusion, I do think it's possible to have an oxygen-rich environment, but I do also think that we're also causing attraction to happen faster in places with more oxygen, so depending on how that oxygen is vibrating is what we're attracting.
