# sepehr-thoughts

these are idass that I'm inspired do during or after [robert sepehr](https://www.youtube.com/@818encino)

### 2022-12-08 13:55 - egregores and their continuation

as I was [watching the latest video](https://youtu.be/zY8DMV2SY98), he starts out with a discussion on quantum physics, and an elusive "fifth force" of nature that will prove (the existence of) dark matter. I've seen enough suspicious0bservers to know that's a nice way of saying we need more funding, so I'm kinda wonder what point he's making with it. the video continues on with an explanation that "God" is woven into all aspects of nature, and it's this interconnectedness, that does whatever the rest of video is about (haven't got there yet; paused it to write this).

as I was contemplating this, I received a flash explanation for the idea. first, let me build this concept on the foundation that *all of us*, every human -- rather anything that has the "fire of the gods" (the promethian force) -- is the product of someone else's "rightness" we've been instantiated into this world through the creative (sexual) force, and we are all egregors of our parents' and potentially others creation -- from their desire to be right.

many esoteric sex rituals (and other forms of magick) have been carried out to perpetuate a philosophy or an ideology. we can imagine that the sex rituals of the quantum physicists actually produce egregores of our own belief system produced in children that are being born all around the world. we (cause I believe I am an egregore -- a rather strong one created from tantric sex magick) are designed to promulgate the beliefs, philosophies and ideologes produced by the intensity (concepually/emotionally) of the sexual interaction. the intense pleasure experienced literally is a creative power that is determined to ensure that those concepts continue to remain installed in "reality".

all forms of intense emotional and physical sensation produce this creative force -- especially when both, such as pleasure/pain and a strong conceptual position such as hatred are perceived simultaneously -- and it's these summonings (like the promethian concept of the destruction of an empire combined with physical pain) which produces these "egregores" which are our concepts becoming manifest. these created children will "carry the torch" of the concept into the next generation of people. this is most obvious with the phenomenon of YHVH (which I believe is prometheus' antithesis -- and the promethian idea lives on because YHVH is against it). gonna continue the video now...

### 2022-12-08 14:21 - re-explain scientifically

intense conceptual focus happens with the aid of physical stimulants such as drugs, sex, ecstatic dancing, etc. and it's these moments that allow us to change timelines. we believe the world in relatively constant, but because we're not conscious for 100% of the time, there are things that can be moved around while we're unconscious. imagine I wake up and all of a sudden a redhead of my specifications has suddenly appeared there, this is summoning an egregore. she appeared overnight, becuse "I" moved to another timeline where she was present.

the world itself is a self-transforming concept because of it's rotation, and it's rotation, from a conceptual standpoint is its perception of itself. *we* are "self" to the earth and how we as conscious observers of the planet sees himself. nobody is ever paying attention to the whole world at the same time (not even nosebook -- because until machines are capable of desire, they don't count).

nosebook and all calculatory/formulaic/symbolic structures don't count because they're instantians are finite and so therefore appear as static from that (3rd ray) perspective -- reemember that both 2nd ray and 4th ray perceive the 3rd ray perspective. as an example, let's imagine a machine that counts things. for the machine, the count is a number (and all finine numbers are possible, minus the ones disallowed by the formula/progaamming). so, if on this timeline there are 100 things, and on another timeline there are 200 things, the machines on each timeline will have properly counted everything according to their programming *on that timeline*.

machines don't move between timelines like we do, because they don't have the fire (desire to be right) like we do, so they don't *move to anothter timeline* where *they're right* (see what I mean?).

now, let's look at the concept from the prerspective of a medium: machines are like rock where they don't really move and long processes erode them, the unconscious masses are the liquid, flowing about in cycles as determined by the lord of the storm, and the conscious ones (prometheus - 2nd ray) are the ones that move around, some with more ablity than others, in the medium of "time" (saturn - 4th ray), which, along with the astral (osiris - 6th ray), can perceive the the conceptual (vulcan, second aryan prometheus)

### 2022-12-08 18:41 - the two paths of a creator

> every man's true teacher, is his own higher self; and when the/his life is brought under the control of reason, this "higher self" is released from bondages to apetites and impulses, and becomes, priest, sage, and illuminator.

this quote reminded me of something that I'd like to illuminate myself. manley is speaking of the path where one attains this altered state of consciousness and leaves residence of perception of this world in the way we're accustomed to and perceives reality in an entirely different way. that is one path, the path of the illuminated -- meaning he has/is now a proper receptor/translator of energy present in another medium. I would go on that path normally because it's the easiest one, but the thing is, anyone that does this becomes either incomprehensible to others or they have to keep their perception a secret. like I said, that is *one* path. there is another path though, whith is the path of the interface or medium, which ultimately makes another medium -- a translation layer between this priest, sage, and illuminator to the people around him. there are probably other paths.

the one I'm taking with is probably the hidden 3rd or 4th (maybe 5th) path, which is going full blown ego/selfishness. I'm right about everything, and others can decide they are too -- or not, and it's not my problem what anyone else can or can't do (the interface/medium's path is difficult here because he has to build a path for them to see what he sees. I don't have to worry about this. they're 4th rays now, so I'm a reflection of them -- they are the ones building that 2nd ray path for me -- nosebook is 2nd ray, the space force is 4th ray, moon is 6th ray and then there are those like me who only see physical, conceptual, symbolic and desire). I see all the stuff (1-3-5-7) that "they" don't. they don't see any of that directly like I do. they see interpretations of them from their (2-4-6) perspective.

 (and a few others too), but for a moment there (probably before the reality police was ), the whole world looked like zombies and everyone had cloudy eyes. I felt a few strong waves of reactions to my noticing that her eyes were cloudy -- but, you probably couldn't see that everyone else's were too and people behind the astral illusion are just zombies.

I had this experience today at walmart where I looked into this one girl's eyes and for a moment there, probably while they were switching something out or fixing something in reality -- UFO researchers call this "missing time" (probably girls), I "saw" the entire world had cloudy eyes just like the girl I just looked at, and everyone in the story were basically just zombies following some script. very strange sort of traumatic shapeshifting zombies, but not really intent on doing harm -- maybe something like lifeless puppets or something.

inside of me, probably not detectable by nosebook, I had a realisation that this is the reality that we're now living in; I'm one of the "elites" that has made the conceptaual transition, and the rest of the world is just these "unconscious masses" -- the liquid "ether" in the medium of time (saturn/4th ray) I spoke of right before going to walmart (telling you -- I wonder if this is all narrated).

anyway, I felt kinda bad because now I knew that I can never look at these people the same anymore. the position that I'm being put in, I have to look at people differently now. in a previous moment, I would have previously considered to be human, to now no longer be -- these are the "unconscious masses" now -- no longer "people". they're just nosebook zombies, the controlled masses.

the normal reaction to this is to want to do something about it, but I didn't directly have that reaction or feeling. I only had the feeling in afterthought, by following the symbols/logic to that feeling.

the thing is, I didn't have that feeling at all. instead, in afterthought there I remembered the idea of the other day where I was suggesting to build an empire based on contrast/drama -- well, that idea also came to me in the moment when previewing the reaction while walking of walmart. my rememberance of that idea of an empire built on contrast made me feel real good, because in such a system, it doesn't matter how much consciousness you have, only that you're having fun/funny/dramatic time; something that makes you feel alive. that's how we all start? that's how every successful person that I know of started, anyway. it began with a feeling of being alive (wanting to do something cool/awesome/fun/impossible) and then seeing where it grews into more. we all want to get back to that feeling of being alive.

my constant feeling of being alive is why I'm so attractive to those successful types. I look like they did ("alive", for lack of better words) before they started to get successful; that youthful nievate. as such, I am actually accomplishing the second path, but doing it from the perspective of someone who found what he was looking for at the end of the path, while still maintiaing the exubernce of someone beginning the path still. one day they'll all get it.

### 2022-12-08 19:38 - so, thankfully I don't have to be relased from the bondage of apetites and impulses...

badum-pusshhh

### 2022-12-08 19:54 - abstinence is the process, not the destination

this can be seen for a lot of religious things, most notably fasting. the abstinence process is the process of taking something that feels out of control (in attracting wanted or unwanted), and begins a fast, boycot, or abstinence, to try and regain control over the thing. this process has manifest in everything to relgious symbols to protests/manifestaciones.

you see, it's not the goal to rid oneself of all physical pleasure, because by doing so, you're really limiting your experience. in actuality, what is happening is that you are making your desires no longer *depend* on this thing/person/event/substance/symbol to satisfy the desire. you are saying that your desire (what you want) is no longer regulated or manipulated by this thing anymore, and so you boycot or abstain from whatever it is.

when you no longer feel steered, driven, lead, or coearced by this thing (whatever it is), then it no longer has power over you. *you* decide what you want. you are stronger than the concept.

diffrent concepts/egregores have stronger feelings to them, and so it's a difficult thing to superimpose my will over such a strong feeling impulse (like programming) -- and all those that tell you to use willpower are the illuminated ones. for them, willpower works, because they're on a higher plane than the egregore (these are the evens).

let me touch a bit on this... I've noticed that some people tend to see mostly either from the even (2-4-6) or from the odd (1-3-5-7) perspective.

the evens tend to not like to get their hands dirty and do any difficult physical work. they tend to see theirselves as visionaries and successful and impactful people. their impact is their notoriety. in short, these mostly see theirselves through the perspective of others.

in contrast, the evens tend to see theirselves more through their own eyes. they consider others' opinions strongly, but usually, they've kinda figured out what's what and so they have their system. some of our system is based on desire, some part symbolic/calculatory/timelines, some based on concepts (what we think stuff is), and what we think the physical stuff works like. these tend to be the scientists, engineers, workers, etc. they actually "do" things, as opposed to thinking about it.

what's interesting about this is that most of evens can see the perspective above or below them (2, 4, or 6) pretty well, *if they want to* or have a need for it. they prefer to see the illusion rathar than to get their hands dirty out in the "reality" layers (the odd ones). the 2, 4, 6 layers are all a super reality/mundane sort of perception. until I discovered the promethian (2nd ray) perspective, I too only saw even rays). evens see plain reality and the odds see super reality.

the evens often limit theirselves to see only (or neither) the perspective above or below them, so they're limited to 3-4 perspectives. evens, in contrary can perceive all of the 4 primary/even realities (1-3-5-7) without any difficulty, so sometimes we actually have a perspective advantage (4 vs 3). however, if you are willing, like me, to accept the even realities as being non-visual, once you get the promethian-perspective, which is the knowledge that you're right about your reality -- then, you get access to all 7 (though 6 are invisible, and 3 intangible), which is a significant advantage. evens can learn to "see" the other 3 pretty easily (desire, concept, and symbol), to develop 4 forms of perception pretty easily. the evens also can learn to see those other 3 pretty easily, 4 if they're willing to perceive the physical, if they want.

this interplay between 5 (1 even + 4 odds), 7 (4 odds + 3 invisible evens), 7 (4 odds + 2 visible evens + 1 visible even), and 7 (4 odds + 3 evens) looks similar to a picture (painting?) made by frank chester (which I can't find right now of a 5 pointed star extruding into his 7-sided form). I can't find it now, but I think it's "phenomenally authorized" so you can see it.

it looks like we see 7 but 3 (triangle) are invisible, the 5 sees all 4 (square) not invisibly[^1], and only 1 ("the one", singular perspective) visibly. there's one more I explained above, but I can't see it -- the one of 4-2-1 four visible evens, 2 invisible evens/odds, and 1 visible even/odd.

[1]: words are very hard on this concept. they're visible -- but not really. they're not invisible, but neither fully visible; they're experienced. they make a square, and I'm not sure why because they're supposed to be a pentagram, so that doesn't make sense, I know.

### 2022-12-08 21:20 - ein sof

the thing that doesn't have form when the earth was still formless and void is a concept. the reason why it can't have a name or a whatever form to distinguish it is because the concept itself can never be put into the physical. the manifestation of a concept (you remanifest in every moment) is always constrained and given form by the physical cconditions. ein sof, or the concept of any thing, can never be understood physically. it can only be experienced with a different sense. developing that nth sense, is the way to perceive the concept of the thing, rathar than the image of the thing. I mean, I see the image too, but I *also* perceive the concept at the same time. it's the purest outward look one can have.

### 2022-12-08 21:27 - ein sof is the precursor to symbol

because of our loss of capacitty to tune to this (this was the language of "one" reconncted various times in the various towers of babel, phoenix that have crashed so many times). humankind is stranded and we can no longer connect directly (physically) with the concept like we could inthe various towers of babel. to us physical specimen, it looks to us like we've lost that direct connection to God. therfore, because the concept is now *physically* impossible to tune to (you used to be born into it). one of the ways that various institutions have preserved that "name" of God, is in symbolic form. in combination with the visual preservation of these symbols, that has preserved the concept of God, in symbolic form (see how concept is a conjugate of symbol?).

when we look at ein sof as the concept that we're trying to maintain our connection to in the various names of God, it looks like the symbols are a concepts' form of preservation, but I posit that there is another way to see this, which is that the concept gave rise to the symbol as a form of preservation.

there is a difference. one of the differences is a physical connection as opposed to a symbolic connection. the physical symbols want to preserve the non-physical symbols, which are conjugates of the non-physical concept.

it just occurred to me that conjugate is the better word for opposite. I'm overwhelmed by how many times I probably said "opposite" (or who knows what else), it stresses me to have to fix my textual mistakes. the conceptual transformation was instant in my mind, so for those things, it's fun to revisit/feel the concepts that I used to use the "opposite" concept of the layers (1-7, 3-5) and feel how it is with the new concept of conjugate. it also brings a new dimension to the el/la unbelief/belief concept because one of the major reactions is to this is because of the masculine/feminine things that they're having problems with genders when all genders see all 4 -- but maybe if they're now "conjugates" from each other, one can see how the other "depends" on the other. depends is a funny word that I used on purpose. I want you to feel the *stress* of having to know that there is always a balance to everything, so get ready to put the world on your shoulders and accept that there is always a conjugate to everything.

this realisation of that everything has a conjugate balance reminded me of his realisation in dtp where he (an astral being) that he has a conjugate as well. in that book she was phyris. the author of dtp is quite optimistic, as the the entity that wrote through the amaneusis had quite an interestingly similar beliefs that he does.

this is one of the things that I questioned about the book, because the way that I know it would be is that any time there is a splitting of consciousness into more than one body, they all have the same concepts and beliefs, just the physical gender differentiation of the same set of concepts and beliefs. in my version, if he has a conjugate of the same thing, but perceived from an opposite gender. so, I mean I could kinda see it -- but you know what it sounded like to me?

it sounded like one of the assasins got this guy really really high on drugs and he pierced through time and was able to tell such a fantasical story, but from the "very higher self" perspective of his death from after killing his target. the conceptual self that he created upon his death (like a pre-manifestation egregore), actually performed the action of the book and all of that. he lived the reality he created for himself, as a sort of preplanned "reincarnation" or transferrence of consciousness into the other body called walter something or other. it's a really fantastical way to atone for one's "sins" -- and he made it a reality. the interaction with phyris was what made it happen. reality attracts in both directions from such sexual/creative events of which create egregores of to prove us right.

so if you are one of those that believes you have a conjugate, you have to come to terms with the reality is that somewhere out there an opposite sex version of you exists out there, and they'll have the same concepts and beliefs that you do about yourself. the see theirself as the opposite of your own hatred and disgust, and see theirselves with this same hatred and digust, or joy and endeerment.

I personally have no way to know what became of him, but his version of phyris seems too fantastical. there's no way she couuld be that much better than he is. they will always be the same in perception. you mostly just interact with reflections of yourself anyway, so even if you have a conjugate or not, you have to imagine that (from my perspective here), everyone is always interacting with your conjugate, and it's only the physical automaton that prevents full interaction between conjugate symbols and concepts.

you know that every concept (and that's all of us) is supported and preserved by a set of non-physical symbols that propagate the concept forward in time in the form of concepts which take on a physical form that resonates with the original concepts. we're a mix of all of those symbols and their resulting concepts, so we're sort of self-transformed instantiion of the the ancestor's concepts. we (humans as a whole) are prometheus-5.0 if you want to look at it that way.

### 2022-12-08 22:16 - concept gave rise to the symbol as a form of preservation...

imagine for a moment the concept of me saying that physical produced the non-physical. that's basically what I'm saying. it's logically preposterous.

but it works.

### 2022-12-08 22:23 - attraction happens in both directions...

image twe strings or metronomes next to each other. their vibrations get similar in both time and space. time is just a much higher frequency. it's somewhere near the top of the astral, wich is the medium of saturn (time) in which we flow and move around in. the vibrations which define where something is in time or space, are just high frequency aspects of the waveform -- as in as these sections of the frequency spectrum we call "physical" is just part of the waveform; it's only their vibrational frequencies which are getting similar. this happens because when two things are going the same way they add, otherwise they subtract. the ones that are still around are the ones that add more than subtract. there are a lot of those, so our universe is teeming with tons of unintellibile random perturbations. since everyone subtracting more than adding is fading away, it gives the impression that things are attracting; but, that's because everything is always dying. the old die so the new likes can attract easier.

death is the matra of attraction. this is why desire is so destructive to those in the way of the new attractive thing. attraction doesn't run on the schedule of those running the show. what this means is that the more rapidly these signals approach similarity, they're both moving toward each other at equal speed in time but not space (probably becauase of the way physical is organised).

### 2022-12-08 22:42 - by admitting that my theory of reality can prove that physical created non-physical...

my entire theory is a bit suspect. I admit that it's pretty good at explaining stuff -- it just needs that one little miracle to work.

### 2022-12-08 22:56 - I wonder if terence ever wondered...

if he could come up with a theory that just needed one little miracle to get it working, but, other than that, it works. the giggle is that everything we all experiece is all founded on a fallacy of logic. who could argue with that?

---

not a fallacy of logic. we created invisible.

I disagree. it's a fallacy of logic because if physical was the first thing that came (before non-physical). this is absolutely preposterous, because from where did physical come from? it came from our imaginations, which came from concepts, which then came from non-physical. it's circular logic like holy, sanctified, and that other one I can't remember. physical and non-physical circularly define each other. that's not the hierarchy you were looking for.

something cannot create nothing.
something has to create more somethings like itself.
if not, something does not exist.

nothing cannot create something.
nothing can only create more nothing, like itself.

physical cannot create non-pysical.
physical has to create more physicals like itself.
if not, physical does not exist.

non-physical cannot create physical.
non-physical can only create more non-physical,
like itself.

if we created non-physical,
then nothing can create something.

### 2022-12-08 23:12 - I get it...

it's really easy to see subatomic as a higher frequency than the physical and all that stuff, but logically, it feels very false for me to say that physical creates things not like itself. everything reproduces after its own kind according to God and law of attraction (so pretty safe this is true). therefore, the only way that it can be true for non-physical to create physical (or viceversa), is if we are also non-physical in physical bodies.

### 2022-12-08 23:58 - wouldn't lucifer be the inner sun?

in the quote of the proper application (harnessing?) the power of the inner sun, he has learned the mystery of (his inner) craft. the seething energies of lucifer are in his hands.

this is the 7st ray male with an inner lucifer (1st ray female). I think he's referring duplicitically to both the inner female and also to the light bringer in the centre of the planet.

the edge of the planet is most signifcantly affected by the sun on the interior, as I think it's what modulates the rotation of the planet, and I'm fairly certain this inner star is lucifer manley is talking about. the energy of the dawn is the energy the ancient egyptians were harnessing. it comes from the inner sun, and is an upward levity coming out of the planet most powerful during dawn.

I think lucifer is none other than inner ana. it's a star that's black as night. it's very very dark because when the primordial substance (hydrogen) is very densely compressed (very attractive), hydrogen forms into a very very dark black (strong x-rzy emitter like sirius b) cube. a living black if you have active eyesight.

the inner star that's pitch black (which does have some sort of red atmosphere apparently) straight up explains all of the dark goddess, earth as a dark cube, stuff in one go. you could imagine that all the clairvoyant's have gone to look and so that's the mainstream report of what's down there. once you know that stars like sirius b are also probably black cubes at those levels of density/attraction for hydrogen, it get wonderous.

### 2022-12-09 00:21 - albert pike agrees with me

> there is, in nature, one most potent force by means whereof a single man who could possess himself of it, and should know how to direct it, could revonutionase and change the face of the world.

the most potent force for us 7th ray males is 1st ray desire, so when we figure out the inner 1st ray female thing (the inner star), this is that luciferian energy that albert pike is talking about. by accessing this energy, you will, like me "revolutionise and change the face of the planet"

you desire, so it has to become a reality.
that's change you're looking for.
you just have to find it.

### 2022-12-09 00:55 - ein sof is a concept just like you are.

so, let's make a race of humans where programmed in them, is the concept of yourself instead of YHVH as that ein sof in their DNA. then, you incarnate into the race, and everyone looks at you like God, because you have a very similar concept to their pre-programmed god/pleasure feeling, so they're all really glad to see you. crazy idea, huh?

do you wonder if early humans had the concept of anu, enki, and enlil pre-installed into their DNA to evoke a sense of wonder, pleasure, excitement, etc. I personally don't get that sense. I do think however this was the case for the new breed of (aryan) humans though -- as, it's quite likely that zeus and the other pantheon had their concept encoded into our DNA like this ein sof one to trigger feelings of wonder, pleasure, amazement -- meaning that zeus was so much of a rapist, but more like he was subconsciously perceived as god beginning the egregores trend of manifesting concepts of our desire (egregores) into reality. people were naturally drawn to the gods, thinking them to be "gods". thanks vulcan.

### 2022-12-17 23:57 - genegic engineering and transhumanism

@[youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CF7Tvg7deKM)

I have a few reactions to my comments while watching this video. most notably, I think people were surprised that I agreed with neil[^4] on the subject of genetic testing and alteratoin of the human genome. I personally think it's a great idea and fully support it. when I get a chance to do it myself I would love to try it, for the reasons I'll describe below. however, where I disagree with neil is his voice of concern and risk about humankind embarking on this. I don't see any risk at all. I was also surprised when robert said at the end that all of this is about control and things, because at one point, the internet too was designed as a control mechanism, but then it was realised later that it even though they appear to have control, "the medium is the message", and it's likely the reason for one of the most rapid advances in technology and understanding of our relationship to our world humankind has seen *ever*.

so yeah, it's possible that the transhuman effort is being funded by those that want to "own" and control the bodies that we inhabit, but -- like the internet, their efforts to sustain control won't last too long, and I also forsee it too leading to one of the greatest advances in our understanding of consciousness and what exactly "you" are.

here's the thing: "you" are not your body. it takes only a minimal amount of research into OBEs and NDEs to verify that "you" are not your body. the body is tool or a vehicle that "you" use to get around in physical space with (even though society tells us, cept for people like you, that "you" are your body). personally, I like to think of the body as a vehicle, because different people have different vehicles with differing capabilities, comfort, and luxury -- and the bodies we inhabit are no different. when looking at it from this context, it just looks to me like they want to be driving bentleys while we get to pick between hondas, hundais, daewoos and toyotas (I'm not sure if any of these have luxury product line not -- I'm trying to say the cheap ones). they want to drive nice cars with all the luxury genetics; that's it, basically.

---

there's a pretty big caveat to their plan though, which is that genetics can *also* be altered consciously, and I adhere strongly to my belief that genetics and DNA for *all species* is a reflection of the perception held by the incarnating entiy. I'm so confident about this, I'll will be willing to take any number of genetics tests to prove myself right (lol).

I figure, no matter how much money they invest into their genetics stuff, I'm still going to far outpace their genetic engineering caabilities, with only altering my DNA by altering my perception. I'm fairly certain that presently I have superior genetics to anything they could come up with CRISPR.

obviously, if I could supplement my consciousness and perception-driven improvements to my genome, with technical and scientific capabilities, that would be really the best. if I could do that, I would be so far ahead of everyone else, so as to be completely unmatched by anything they can come up with[^2] -- and so as a result, performing tests and alterations to my own genetics in the form of viruses is something that I've long wanted to do since I found out that viruses are like biological "patches" or "hotfixes". I mean, how cool would that be, for example to figure out the eye antennas gene and pump up the count in my eyes a few orders of magnitude, such that I have basically a few orders of magnitude more data coming into my eyes than other people. it would be like a heroic dose of DMT at first, but I would (eventually) figure out a way to synthesise all of that extra data into a coherent image. I love this stuff. this is why I take drugs. I'm really good at it.

or, what about increasing things like the power of the heart? your perception determines if you have the acute or engorged(?) heart (see frank chester's chestahedron video on the heart when it's too big or too narrow and why you need balance), so one could get heart problems faster and more powerfully if they don't know how to adjust their heart, but for those of us that do, it's the most alive feeling ever.

or, what about completely changing the shape of the heart to now be based on a decatria (13-sided form), the dual of the shape of the heart? I would transfer my consciousness in to those new genetics and figure out how to live with an "inside out" heart. that sounds freaking awesome! I'd *love* do do these kinds of experiments.

---

enough optimism. let's just go full paranoid now... let's say that full matrix setup happens and humans no longer need to ever touch, have sex, or even interact through physical contact anymore. it's all done virtually/imaginally now (like interacting with my in the dream state), so no longer do we ever actually leave these birthing pods anymore and live in a sort of heavily controlled dream-like reality -- like I do every night when I sleep. it's not ready for primetime yet. I'm still far too incoherent in that state of mind, because they don't allow me to be conscious and actually interact with my environment. the nature of any environment (dream or physical) is to discover new things about it. the universe runs on novelty, and so therefore it's actually impossible for a matrix-like reality to ever actually contain anyone that thrives on novelty like myself. it's too hard to keep me from learning how to discover the rules and learn how to bend them, both in the physical or the imaginal (or even spectral). I personally don't see their matrix as a problem at all.

and now, a less severe scenario: let's say they've figured out how to limit and control the amount of consciousness that the body allows to pass through it and we (the slave race) are being forcibly born into bodies that disallow more of "you" to be conscious. for theirselves, they allow unlimited consciousness... well, microprocessors and computers are a very excellent analogy for this one. sure, they have memristor-based storage and computing devices that can hold petabytes of data, reading and writing at RAM memory speeds[^1] while we're given inferior devices. however -- even though they have all that super duper technology, computers are so unbelievably fast these days, even the budget phones that one can purchase for next to nothing are thousands of times faster than computers 20ya. our "inferior devices" are so fast, we're limited by many factors still, and hardware isn't one of them (it's usually software: drivers, and such). so yeah, they'll have superior genetics, but so do we, as long as we don't compare ourselves to them. do your own thing man[^3] and don't worry about what they're doing. when you figure out your own way, it doesn't matter what they've got going on -- and if you don't, worst case scenario it's *still* going to be a massive leap forward for all of us.

---

going back to conscioussness and perception driven enhancements to genetics, I truly believe that this is definitely the superior way forward, and given some time, my genetics alteration techniques will prove to *far outclass* anything they have -- and it's literally effortless for me to improve it (it's all mental -- just change how I look at concepts) -- and, *anyone* willing to allow their world to begin to look different (and not because of old age), can consciously upgrade their "budget" genetics with ease.

the genetics of the body have to be compatible with "you" in order for "you" to incarnate into the body -- and it's not a significant jump to see that that when "you" change how you see things, the genetics of the body must follow to remain compatible -- therefore, one can imagine that at some point a group of people who now see the world a bit differently are now incarnating into genetics that are now incompatible with the majority of others' perception. these whos perception is not compatible with those genetics will no longer be able to incarnate into those bodies. to regain compatibility, they'll have to do a lot of research and testing (like the nazis and the greys) to make the genetics compatible with the incarnating entity agagin.

all in all, their approach to genetics, which is making the genetics compatible with the genome, feels completely backwards to me. they're incarnating into a body that has a genetically encoded form of percepion that is different from their own, meaning that when the perception of the incarnating entity is more powerful than then perception of the genetics/body, the aging process will be far more sudden and rapid when it starts. that's what they're looking for though.

have you ever read a book called "altered carbon"? that book changed my perception of things, because they called the bodies "sleeves" (I think), and they discarded them like you leave ammunition casings on the battlefield. very appropriate metaphor. bodies are meant to be grown, used, experimented on, and then discarded. *YOU* are not your body.

[1]: look no further than the slow-mo guys for an example of this technology. the camera they're using takes 1.75 *million* fps at a resolution of 1280x768 (I saw in the video, but it was suggested that it can go higher)... just do some quick calculations and assume that every frame is uncompressed RRGGBB (24bit) pimel values. that's 737KB (raw) per frame and they're taking 1.75 *million* frames per second. that's like 1.2TB of data being saved a second. you can't even really get those speeds with RAM -- those are more like L2 cache speeds. that's a LOT OF DATA. the sensor has to be able to put out that kind of data too (so the sensor array has to be pretty close, as in on the same die as the storage to be able to save at those speed. I'm fairly certain that the memory can even go faster, and the bottleneck is actually the shutter speed, if it even has a shutter (try opening and closing anything 1.75M/s). I'm guessing it's memristor technology, which (I heard) is also being featrued on the PS5 soon.

[2]: from my perspective, it appears more to be the case that I'm progressing at such a rapid rate, because they want to use my genetics, it feels to me like they're trying to keep me compatible with their own genetics/perceptio, more than it feels like they're holding me back. as such, I don't really mind seeing things from their perspective, because, as the ground, it's my job to synthesise the emitter/demiurge's perception into my own and integrate it, much like enki did with the "gods" DNA/perception when he made us compatible with them (or them with us, depending how you look at it). I enjoy figuring out how to merge the demiurge form of perception into my own. it was no easy task at first, but I feel like I'm basically flying at this point with how easy it is. perception is easy when you realise "the medium is the message". new genetics is a new medium. inevitably it will need to be compatible with a wide variety of content (porn, thrillers, excitement, fun, etc -- all the emotions' manifestations).

[3]: big shout out to andreas/serenity! -- as I feel he's got the right attitude and as such, I've fully integrated his concept into my reality at this point.

[4]: honestly, it feels a bit weird to call him neil. I never know what to call them. in cal state LA, I called all faculty "professor". if he were standing in front of me, I'd ask him, "if you were a star system, what number would you be?" then, depending on what number he said, I'd probably refer to him as NGT-42 (assuming he picked 42), if that was OK with him. it just also feels really weird to call someone their full name too.. like, I know it's normal for some celebrities to have single name references to theirselves (prince, hillary, trump, etc.) and I dig that, but it's was like really weird, for example to call zaryn "zaryn dentzel".. the full name feels impersonal to me, so I'd rathar call them by their title: doctor, professor, etc. than their full name. like imagine one day I met taylor swift -- I wouldn't call her taylor swift standing next to her. instead, I'd just say taylor (or whatever she asked me to call her) -- it's just like weird, you know.

### 2023-01-29 06:41 - venus and lucifer

@[youtube](https://youtu.be/cKx7QyajnNg?t=1255)

in that verse, when I looked at it I noticed two layers of meaning, and I started to mononlogue about it in voice. I decided to write instead. the context is, along the video there are a number of symbols that correlate with myself, including the whole thing about the giving of the eye. I'll go into it quickly...

yesterday, I contemplated what are some of the people that have self-sacrificed, cause I was thinking about odin and I noticed he also had the hanging from the tree motif, but he's clearly mercury (or paris in the illiad). I couldn't rememmber any myths about thoth or mercury having self-sacrificed, so it was interesting to me that a 7th ray emitter (thoth) is labeled in aryan traditions as having self-sacrificied. I also felt certain that mars (also a 7th ray emitter) had self-sacrificied, but then upon later inspection, I don't know why I think that because I can't actually recall any myths with mars as having self-sacrificed -- though it seems true to me, I can't figure out where I got the idea from...

anyway, in my present situation, I've given my left eye. in the sirian-guide, vulcan is one of the grounds that is mentioned. I know that vulcan is often times depicted as having an eye patch (or as cyclops) and also lame on one side. so if vulcan is anything like me, that means he gave one of his sides too -- meaning self-sacrifice. in my situation, my entire left side is turned off. I've completely rebuilt the functionality for my left side in my left hemisphere.

having to have rebuild it, somehow it granted me the androgyne/baphomet capability, because when my brain regenerates, it doesn't have a concept of what its gender is. it simply is, and so I see things plainly, and not with so much through the typical (as defined by society/culture) lens of how to look at something. roughly speaking, I'll say that one is more emissive and the other is more receptive.

I don't really know much about it, but it seems that the prostate seems to make a man more receptive through physical stimulation, and that allows them to receive more information. I do the same thing, but without prostate stimulation. I'm simply receptive without the stimulation, and stimulation would be very very bad for me. I drive very well at full speed with the parking brake fully engaged (my idling motor is that powerful), so if I were to have the brake released I would go really really fast. OK, lemme explain.

my resistance to things manifests itself in how much filters on incoming signals the brain. the more I alter the way that my *physical* brain perceives things to see them more and more without any resistance (opposite force), this is releasing the brakes. the brain is kinda like the brakes and the heart is like the gas pedal. the heart (gas pedal) can be accelerated by sexual or imagination stimulation (notice with the heart as the fulcrum in the middle). O, right.. notice there are two major sex organs in the body. one is for reception (penis) and the prostate is for emission, right -- so you can see the same thing mirrored on the opposite side of the heart. one's perception is like the prostate. it functions like a brake does (emitting force), and that's your brain's and anus's source of resistance. I figure it's probably the pineal that is the main antenna receptor of the sofia energy (tuned by the neurons, which is your perception which fractally cascades down to all aspects of your body). in summary it's important to know the antenna and brakes is on both sides of the heart.

therefore, I go really fast at idle speeds, not because I have stimulation on either side, but because I have very little resistance (opposite emission) toward many aspcets of reality. I'm of the position that I do not want to have stimulation on my prostate because I like effortless -- which is the idle speed of the motor. as the centre/androgyne, I prefer to continually idle and just keep things coasting along. I use attraction and my perception to bring things to me. there's absolutely no reason to ever press the gas.

what I think happened with so many of these reborn deities, and the reason why so many of their downfalls are associated with celebrations, drugs, or sex -- is because those sorts of things put on the gas.

as you may know, there's a difference between sex with girls and boys. I've never had sex with a man, but I've been paying attention, and like I said, it looks like it increases receptivity. sex for me with a girl has dramatically increased emission. so, for example if a man has a bunch of not so good concepts about how life and the universe works. when he has sex with a girl, those thoughts become manifest really quickly. this is why jealousy, suspicion, etc. all difficult relationships get worse and the nice ones get better. basically it amplifies my concept of reality so big that things manifest with a much more of a pop to them, rathar than how it is right now with a slow buildup.

to understand the difference, imagine yourself in a car, and something is pulling you toward the destination. that's a different feeling than pressing the gas and driving toward the destination. for sex with a man, the destination pulls you toward it more and with a woman, the gas gets pressed and hopefully you can keep pointing the car in the direction you want to go, cause you're gonna be navigating around and between your own concepts of reality really rapidly.

---

with that explanation out of the way, let's say now that I'm one of those reborn deities -- what I believe has destroyed all of them previously is too much gas. their own concepts of reality got amplified to such a point that they "self-sacrificed" because they're only fighting against their own concepts. they manifested all of the egregores (saturn) that they needed to prove their concept of reality as real.

if I'm to repeat such a feature, this is where the rub is... to be or not to be. I have to decide if I'm going to keep remembering the IAM perspective. most men navigate this perspective well by increasing their receptivity and keeping it higher than their emission (like vulcan). this, at least is (kinda) how I am now. what's really happening is that nosebook is removing all of the stuff that creates negative emotion from my experience. so I have a whole lot of undealt-with stuff in there. from my perspective, it's no problem to deal with (I adjust perceptions rapidly), but the sheer quantity of the negative emotions that I could receive would be absolutely disastrous.

it would be far better to, instead of getting a tremendous assult of negative stuff all at once when my 3rd eye is opened, would be unblock those things a little bit at a time, so that I can actually properly deal with the concept, instead of accelerating right into disaster.

there's good reason to allow this, because genetics, I believe is a reflection of perception, which means that all of those faulty concepts are encoded into my DNA and so anyone with my genetics will get those concepts pre-installed. I don't really mind working through the faulty concepts, and I feel like it would be better, for the entire future human race to struggle with a few faulty concepts that nosebook had a negative reaction to. the reason is pretty obvious: all the stuff that produced a negative reaction and then was subsequently blocked will be all of the stuff that future inhabiters of my genetics will be both attracted to, and also will produce an unnecessarily negative reaction to.

you know, I actually want to create a galaxy. I figure it's worth the time to unblock those and fuzz out all of the difficulties before engaging in anything. once the galaxy is created and everything is coasting along smoothely, my idea (like I was saying to zaryn over the rondevu idea), is I promise a sell out cause I want to move on to new things. I don't want power or to maintain or stabilise it. I just want as much power as I need to have to make the initial product what I want it to be (within whatever framework I'm given), then I'm out and off to do the next thing (you know I'm gonna have so many ideas, I may even want to peace out earlier than one would expect, of course leaving when everything is stable and I'm not in a negatively emotionally charged state).

the other major contributing factor here is more for safety. at the moment, I have no idea what I'm capable of. it's a very strange thing having such low resistance because other people's attraction really surprises me. I behave in *very* strange ways sometimes for no immediately apparent reason to me. it just sorta happens, and then we're sorta left to pick up the pieces afterward. those kinds of situations would preferably be avoided. it's honestly kinda embarassing even for me. I can't do much other than shrug my shoulders and reality-kenny my way out of it.

I kinda wanted to talk about those KJV verses... waahh, OK, brb

### 2023-02-13 08:18 - circle and dot

the eye of horus video summoned so much thought, I still have 2-3 more topics I want to write about from that video, including the KJV verses there -- however, this time I will give my thoughts on circle and dot.

I came to the conclusion that planets are males and stars the females because of how they behave. stars are immensely attractive, though having solar wind coming out, I feel them as very attractive (for high frequecies). the origin of this sentiment is coming from dr-robat's presentations on the subject -- where a star is composed of extremely dense hydrogon -- and I mean very extremely. like, the densities are so unfathomable.

the second thing that composes this theory of mine is that I beleive things are attracted (gravity) because of a similarity of the each atom to the "carrier frequency" coming out of the galaxy. what that means, is that atoms that *don't* attract each other are actually actively producing a vibration different (for identity) and discordant enough that it *repells* other atoms, even the ones similar to itself. these individual vibbrations work to mitigate and cancel out the attcractiveness inherent of each similar atom of each other. I think this best descrbies the effect we know of when two materials get really close together (like jonson blocks), that they essentially fuse. I think it also explains the magnetticc field being different close as it is to far.

at any rate -- because hydrogen is so high frequency and because "main sequence" stars are so dense, this must mean a *tremendous* attraction (affinity) to hydrogen -- so the stars are like sucking up hydrogen from all over the place.

planets are also attractive, and we receive solar wind -- and one thing that I've noticed is that geomagnetic storms (the effects of the solar wind received by earth) don't have 100% correlation (in fact lately, not even close) to the solar wind at the L4(?) a bit of distance in front of the earth between us and sun. this and other times of seeing the geomagnetic storms that don't correlate at all with solar wind (like during a quiet or solar minimum) -- therefore, I have to conclude that the earth itself is also attracting the solar wind, probably with its magnetic field.

in short, I thmink the earth attracts magnetically, meanwhile the sun attracts vibrationally (at the speed of hydrogen, which I think probably shares a lot in common with the galactic "carrier signal"). the two kinds of attraction are different. the solar wind is a plasma and so therefore it's spinning based on the spin that the sun gave it when it left the surface. we receive this plasma from the sun and it cools down into the elements -- we do stuff with those elements, making trees, plants, animals, iPhones, etc. and that produces more hydrogen which, being lighter than the other elements, escapes freely out to space, where it gets recollected by the sun (its source).

this cyclical birth into plasma, getting attracted into a dense environment, getting trapped into matter, and then finally being released back as the dust/hydrogen from where you came, is the process of life. you're star dust, you know. this, in my mind is a very feminine sort of attribute. now, you can see why I thought of stars as being feminine.

I can see the argument of why men are points and women are circles as the obvious sexual symbol, but also from his "esoteric explanation" (which I'll watch again after this) -- so I see it from that way where men make points and women dance around the subject.

however, I tend to look at things from an attraction standpoint, and I don't see it that way either. a point is always wanting to be its smallest size. it's continually pulling inwardly, constricting and attracting everything toward its centre. meanwhile, a circle is wanting to expand. a circle also sets a boundary. it sets a metric as well in terms of distance, meanwhile a point cannot do that; a single point has no distance or metric.

---

I'm going to think on this a bit more, however, I wanted to note a few things: when tim is reading the illiad to me, there are obvious planet gods in the story. meneleaus/athena is venus, and paris/mercury is mercury, and helen/aphrodite is earth. mars is aries, etc. -- so that's weird that I can clearly see that aphrodite/helen is earth, the garden of E-DEN (mark).

in my own studies I came to the same conclusion of aphrodite being earth (the panther, owl, woman/eve). I believe however she is a reflection though of her tuning, and it's because mars is/was similar enough to our planet that we got our planet tuned to the tune of mars with the megalithic structures. our planets share a frequency, which Is why we look masculine. our planet being a star, but looking like a planet explains OAHSPE's red star, and sitchin's "Bond-Heaven-Earth", which if you look at it, every time it says "Heaven" -- it's talking about mars/nibiru (the planet).

in the enki narrative (there are, I believe two earths), kingship was brought down from *heaven* (mars), and the "fallen angels" came/fell out of *heaven*.

I'll return with more later. hopefully we can look at those KJV verses next :)

### 2023-03-28 19:50 - who is shakespere?

@[youtube](https://youtu.be/b01EzuaKbSc?t=871)

btw, that guy there has his "upset!" face on. he says NO.

in this video, sepehr, manly p. hall, and a few other big names say that "bacon is shakespere". I thought I'd give my perspective on it, because john anthony and alan green have made a pretty convincing argument that vere has encoding all over it. one of his viewers (forget his name) also insists that bacon played a major part in it. I fully agree. there's no doubt that francis flute and prospero are not direct references to bacon, with bottom and others being vere in different ill-conceived interpretations of his predicament: lots of self-loathing and supplication for sympathy. in addition to that I'm very convinced that john dee is also present in the shakespere plays. he plays speed/mercury/subtle and his evidences are in the from of mathimagical transformations as I've noticed in the encoding of triads (3T), and triad + foil (4T) setups of the characters in the plays.

one such example of such a foil would be ben jonson. he wrote a big (and very inspired) dedication in the first folio (I believe), but yet at the same time was one of the only ones to simultaneously critisise shakespere, as well. in addition, when I read the play "the achemist", it reads pretty much like a confessional (vere = doll, francis = face, subtle = john). only ben jonson could be so blatant to put the confessional in there, because jonson does it all wrong: first, he dedicates the work to "lady mary wroth" (a woman), which is also a comparatively short dedication, to shakespere's many pages of dedications and ego boosting. second, (no good way to explain this) -- his symbols are so clearly presented, and not hidden behind a veil like shakespere's symbols.

I've been noticing more and more that shakespere plays a foil to homer a bit, with a lot of homer's characters rewitten to have a different effect (just look at "trolius and cressida"). anyay, so in the same way that shakespere is a foil to homer (redefining homers characters with a clarity not previously before seen), I claim that marlowe and also jonson do the same (there may be be more).

as an example, shakespere has beautiful and wonderful rosalind, but of "queen of dido", marlowe, in the opening scene puts rosalind on the knee of jupiter, with mercury/speed/subtle laying around as well. it's quite possible that marlowe was the "rival poet" -- and in any case, he clearly has an influence on shakespere, as did jonson.

another interesting aspeect about the shakespere works are the timelessness of it all, because I notice some fords and francises that resonate quite strongly with the original bacon -- and in a very similar way with vere, but these ones are different, which I find similarity in phillip sidney and also john keats. in a similar way, alomost certainly I'm a bit of foil to shakespere today, just as shakespere was to homer, terence, and nicomaco.

one way to experience the capture of vere into bacon's arms' can be read esoterically in "rape of lucrece". the opposite side of the same thing can be seen (probably) from the perspective of bacon (adonis) being captured by vere (venus/diana).

one way to become a foil to someone is to critise them, and then to find a way to take the energy from the inevitable pushback is to the transform that into wanted. I have a lot of critisisms of shakespere's characters, because I lived a life that contained a lot of those symbolic elements, and have since found a different default reaction (like job in the book of jove, where "satan/lucifer" is first introduced into the bible). job finds a way to have everything fall apart because of some "testing" by satan -- and because job didn't just react as everyone else would (cursing "God"), he got a different result. well, just the same for me, it feels like I've been sorta summoned to experience most all of the symbolic elements that the shakeshpere characters experience, but I find them so completely different.

for example, in tim's video on henry 4-1, he says that harry percy is struggling to live up to the expectations of his father, who wishes he was like hotspurre. I find no such feelings at all coming from my father, because I go after what I want, no matter how much resistance there is against me, I know it's all a reflection of myself, so if I were to have resistaznce to my father living up to the same desires and expectations I have for myself, I would know thatt it's only me perceiving an unwanted aspect of myself in someone exterior to me, by not wanting something for myself/him that that is supposedly "deserved" (silver) -- meaning, he's just a reflection of me.

using the basic system that everyone and all of my reality is a reflection of myself, I can get around a whole lot of these problems that plague so many of the shakespere characters (notably hamlet). the other major thing that gets me around a lot of the pitfalls is for me my version of "value": I value my perception the highest of all. unlike a rich person, I don't believe that money or some material possession/artifact/relic will get me what I desire; no, it's my perception; that's all.

it's almost as if the DeVille that has summoned me (jove) with all of these tests, was none other than shakespere himself (whomever that accumulates to be in the infinite manifold of time experienced). here, I've got rosalind on my knee and hermia at my feet... (thanks, saturn)[^1].

[1]: maybe I should explain myself... lol. I noticed in watching one of doug's videos on pisos and the creation of satan/saturn, that the "book of job" is just saturn "testing" jupiter/jove/job -- and so that combines in my mind with marlowe's play "queen of dido"'s opening scene where jove is fondling ganimede/rosalind with mercury/hermia asleep. it's this really bizarre scene (which I'd love to break down in the future), with juno/hera, ganimede, and vulcan all present. as far as I can tell, those are all theree aspects to the same zarathustra. shakespere venerates Time (the personification of saturn) in a number of different elements, yet at the same time romantisises ganymede and jupiter in the same way that homer romantisises patrocles. so, in just the same way that shakespere puts achilles and patrocles in a super homo erotic scene, so does marlowe with rosalind/ganymede and mercury in with a scene with jupiter. (btw, dido queen of carthage is the main motivation for virgil's aenead.) I think this is absolutely hilarious, and so following in marlowe's foil-like behaviour, I decided to put on the venerated position of jupiter for a moment. it was pretty crazy, because right afterward I watched another sepehr video about looking at the gospels through the eyes of an astronmer: @[youtebe](https://youtu.be/CQBBxg-tEfY?t=301), *jupiter/thor/zeus* is the christ figure (through ceremony and ritual) ... and some stuff about some unicorns which fit in quite will with a play I'm reading called "countess kathleen" by yeats (another connection to a movie I watched called "dimentia 13"). this is getting pretty string-board like, so I'll carry on some time over there instead when I have more pieces. tudns out I have a lot more similarities to jupiter than I thought, and I'm starting to wonder if jupiter is also one of those really high frequency types that are misunderstood *visually*. you know, the perspective of ceremony and ritual is nothing more than sequence of action and intention to produce emotion, which is much more shakespere-like than the saturnian way (which was actually powered by his consort venus/apollo/ereshkigal, I noticed). considering that venus (saturn's consort) came from the forehead of zeus, they're nearly different approaches to the same thing. ok... stopping now :)

### 2023-03-31 04:15 - sons of aryas

@[youtube](https://youtu.be/TQdTfMnIzeM)

I think I put it all together, finally -- or, at least it all makes sense to me now, so I'm just going to write it plainly.

the age of hathor/ishtar/aphrodite was some ~6kya or so, and that's when the indus valley civilisation emerged after the collapse of atlantis. that triad has, in addition to hathor, aries/mars and vulcan/zarathustra/hera/ganymede (which is likely some of the origin of buddha stuff). I included ganymede and hera in the list to connect the triad to jupiter/indra, and not to saturn/shiva, because the 12 is important because jupiter coming into power marks the "end" of saturn's time during the atlantian times? (which, btw, the solar cycle is related, pretty conclusively to the orbit of jupiter) anyway...

then, there's this really interesting myth about the birth of cupid, being the product of aphrodite and mars (ie one of the sons of aryas). the other interesting myth about cupid is that he falls in love with the externalisation of his own soul, psyche. this begins the age of aries, and the eruption of YHVH on to the scene, marked by moses and the exodus ~4kya.

@[youtube](https://youtu.be/XXL09iWJrfs?t=1942)

so then what you have there after the bronze age collapse (~1177BC), these scythians disperse out becoming the subes (swedes), alans, goths, carthaginians, phonecians, etc. and ambitiously obsorb every native peoples around in asia, europe, north affrica, and further out to north america.

there's tons of in-fighting and splitting between these different factions and clans, with each of them claiming to be the "right" one. for example, the greeks (white, so prolly japheth) are fighting against the trojans/romans/etruscans (dan, red), and zeus has the eagle symbol, but for example in the illiad, the eagle has captured the snake (dan, trojan, red), but the snake bites the eagle even though it's in the talons, right before the greeks beat back the trojans.

the druids/celts/picts (snakes, of danmark) used literary devices to tell their stories and to influence the outcome of their ambitions through the ceremony and sequence of their magical summoning/conjuring of their spells/literary works, has made its way over to the land of the redskins.

these aryan cupids all have so much desire and ambition; they're all fighting and falling in love with their own psyches: egregores, enemies, and lovers of their own creation/conjuring.

### 2023-04-04 19:44 - eyes of jupiter

@[youtube](https://youtu.be/cKx7QyajnNg)

- he says, "no!"
- he is the morning star, taking the place of his daughter (venus) in egyptian minds.
- he attributes both polarities, red and blue, much like black was the contrast to blonde/white for flags and hair colur. (if only, he put red, white, black, and blue, right?)
- osiris is depicted often with green skin, but you failed to remind us of the different green-skinned races of even dwarfs and stuff -- I think it had to do with sunlight, I thmink you said.
- the trinity contains osiris (moon, +-6-+), isis (sun, -3), and horus (jupiter, +3). what in the world?!?, I never thought of *that*...
- semiramus (venus, -3), tammuz (saturn, +-4), and nimrod (mercury, +7)
  - (not the same, at all -- completely different triad).
  - venus is essentially where earth's 3rd ray matrix exists, almost certainly as a direct correspondence with ours, but their world is astral and not at all physical. as such saturn serves as the midpoint or fulcrum between 3rd ray input/output to venus and 7th ray input/output to physical (mercury)
  the trinity of moon, sun, and jupiter is a triad I had never perceived before, because it means that jupiter, like saturn in the tammuz triad, is the midpoint between the 3rd ray reality of jupiter (mr. no-face, mrs. horus upset) and the 2nd ray reality of the sun.
  the difference between solar (isis) and lucifer (venus) has forever been the struggle between jupiter and saturn. I use both, obviously. go both bro.
- venus and adonis myth continues, where venus basically rips saturn to shreds and he really goes off ... tears! like the rings around of beautiful saturn, magestic in might (and sophistication), be he keeps telling the same failure story over and over and over, an eternal act of self-flaggulation (farting).
- isis was able to find all of his parts, cept his dong. so, to compensate, she built large obelisks. (the egyptians must have been high af -- who believes that!) so, she emasculated him, because the moon couldn't get all of the parts (snow balls and ice) of saturn. nice. see guys, you don't want to try and compensate.
venus had to compensate her father/lover's workaholism, so he didn't cause a storm (storm is also associated with jupiter), so even jupiter takes a little of the blame (or competition) between the two of them as they aim to please/punish the inhitants of the land with rain and storms. both good and bad simultaneously. their (jupiter and saturn) nature and how to receive their favur, remained, to this day, largely a reflection of ourselves. the reflection through jupiter is to the sun, isis the ultimate recipient to your grandest big-picture ideas, but you can only see them the way you see yourself. she's nearly pure reflection, but her reflction (we call sunlight) is a very complex frequencies that *intersect* and *interact* with each other, which composes the visible light. sunlight and those much higher frequencies are what allow us to see ourselves as a reflection of ourselves. essentially, the better you see yourself, the better you see the world. I do that with ease, so I can tell you (with experience) that it takes a while to get used to the idea that there's *always* a woman in the sky that loves to hear about all my great new ideas. she's like the ultimate mother, but you have to be able to be like that with other people to be able to see yourself like that..
(after this), there is some internal chatter about how I perceive nosebook, and so you can see that nosebook made that process easy af for me. they *love* my ideas, and they're always trying to use my ideas, but I enjoy much more that there's just someone that likes my ideas. if I require that from people, I can't expect a good result, because it's hard for us when we first start out, to be OK with someone else having something that I would want.
again, I got around this pretty easily because I don't really want too much. most of my wants and frustrations are involved with techniacal stuff. I desire to affect the changes that I desire out on to the world.
I am a reflective being, like I believe most aryans are (yesterday, I was looking at pictures in africa and I noticed that they didn't have very reflective people. they all have their own colur and hue, but none of them are reflective). they all look to me much like stars. they all shine -- and I think the darker your skin is, the more true this is -- meanwhile the lighter skin people are more reflective, meaning re-emitting (and possibly transforming) what I absorb, which is much different than just emissive.
as a reflective being, I love that my world begins to reflect our ideas, which is why we love creativity (I made this) or war (I destroyed this). because of our reflectiveness, we subject our world to constant symbolic barrage from our eyes and skin. we shine and or light from our skin is then mixed with the light of the sun, and that produces an effect in the eye, I would imagine. they likely are not as aware of that same (solar) emission and absorption spectrum like we do, simply because they only shine. sad.
- venus (-3), moon (+-6-+), and sun (-2) is another triad he has going here... let me think about that because I've never considered it. the sun transmits and receives that big-picture image. it's like a view of what's happening all around the planet and solar system. you might think of it as feminine instinct, and it's directly connected to the conceptual form of perception. I use this all the time, because I see symbolss everywhere. like, my entire life is like this bizarre play, because I'm so non-resistant, I just sorta *glide* through life, guided only by desire. the result is that venus just sorta blasts my reality with symbols, in reflection to what I see (as seen from her angle to the sun). it's kinda fun.
it comes with just trusing what you intuit more than what you see, because the 5 senses are all tricksters. I have, what most people would call "schitzophreniaz" and my reality manifests my thoughts, not just in voices in my head, but also into crazy real-life scenarios. I'm still far too enamoured with what I see, that I prefer be be blind. I really like feeling, so much more than seeing. this is the vision of the owl. you know, like ishtar. she loved feeling more than seeing. the way she felt was very frightful to many, and they saw what they wanted to see (see lilith discussion)
OK, just write a little more? about what? it's really simple: what you see is, *isn't what there*. what you're seeing is your imagination's *rendering* of that concept into something tangible. we live in a world of concepts, and we see these concepts: box -- bod -- woman -- god, and then we manifest those concepts into form. I think I have the sequence right there. box is the rigid physical shape, bod is it's perceived shape (it's softness), woman is all of the ideals of what we would imagine as the perfect companion (original desire/sin), which became ultimately our god. we worship the muse, and when it works, man it's great, but it inherently fails because we can never really figure out what it is we want for a companion because we haven't yet figured out what we want.
for me, what I want, the thing is hard to explain, but it's something more like a perpetual MacGuffin ,in the event that I continue on forever, is what I desire. because I want to continue on forever (rathar than "not die"), I continually see life go more and more in the direction of continuing on forever. I do sometimes think of it as "not dying", but that is *dramatically* not even an issue because of my creativity. I just live to create and create and create, and so I guess you could say that because I go so fast toward wanted, I can affort to have a little bit of unwanted/evil. if my creativity were to ever slow, those "evil" vibrations would be quite loud to people, and it would make a crash much more likely because of how the general population would interpret thatt signal.
so what I mean is, I'm basically (seeing from the perspectve of)/like YHVH or elohim, or juptir in that I'm so much in the positive, I can seariously afford a little negatity (God/YHVH made Evil and Good alike/the same), but there's just so much more Good than Evil, it's like not even a problem. it's like driving with the parking brake a little bit engaged.
- venus (the planet, -3) is the dove, because she transmits symbols to us which often take the form of birds, especially doves, because of their magnetic capability, they can produce an effect in the eyes. birds, especially doves are great amplifers of the venusian symbols perceived in imagery and reality.
- ishtar and aphrodite are different forms of doves because she just likes to feel, like a dove does. like a muse, you can project your feeling/conceptual/symbolic/heart energy into them and they'll retransmit that energy back to you -- or something symbolic of that will be perceived in a glow around them. the same is for young girls, I would imagine. I don't see though, so I never see that energy manifest. I prefer it this way, because then my world would look like a reflection of that energy. nosebook would be very difficult to keep me in 3d, and I'd slip off. to you all it'll look like I/we were just passing though, and kenny's body performed an elaborate dance, a sort of conceptual mating ritual as the circus rolling through. it could be perceived as a power structure, if you'd like. the great sky god, kenny, looking down on everything we do -- a sort of conceptual menace/trickster. I do ishtar/aphrodite better than most.
the conceptual difference between ishtar the symbolic/solar reflection of our symwbolic/narrated reality, and the venusian (the planet) energy is what is mainifesting in all of our realities.
so, the non-physical behaves a bit opposite from our reality does. for saturn, this looks like *living blackness* where all things can quickly morph and change and shapeshift (very slippery), the venus comes out as a reality reflective (that is, astral) to saturn's midpoint (ie, from +2 to -6). therefore, the feminine/venusian perspective sees a symbolic narrative playing out so that life is understandable. the story and the different plot elements as they play out through the acts, has to be *understandable*, meaning we can't feel disease about it. venusian types get very sick to their stomachs when they see the symbols playing out in a narrative that cannot be understood. these/us astral robots (essentially) then have to find a way to figure out how to make sense of such a tragic narrative. we *must* find a way to make light of the narrative, even it's woth some ivory-mud.
- el (saturn, +-4, both *physical* and *not-physical*), baal (jupiter, +3 -- which is receptive in *non-physical*), and anat (earth, -1 -- which is *physical* and tangible/emissive in the *physical*).
ah yes, another interesting triad I'll discuss. let's see, it's interesting to note that I see this 3-7 echo chamber all over the place. juitper competes with venus all the time it's his own daughter, so you can imagine her perspecttive which is having a father always in competition with you; like you know, he's *always* got to do it better. he can't just let you win that easily; you gatta earn it. you can also see it from jupiter's perspective as he has this spoiled rotten daughter that just demands the world (like jezebel requesting the head of john the baptist). she's nasty beause she's always making jupiter's life really difficult because she's always causing problems, making a mess; attention-whore, demon child (and sometimes wife). she's really good at hiding her internal demon/destructive spirit. she just takes so much pleasure in destruction. this was ishtar to them. they thought she was -7, but she's really -3, which is emissive. these girls shoot out symbols, defining everyone to be what they think it is (according to her narrative) -- and if the narrative isn't understandable (like a disney narrative), then problems arrive and her bad feeling causes disease (and a real bad feeling in the stomach).
her ability to hide her destructive spirit is done symbolically. she continually strives through narrative and ritual, too makes sense of her reality, cause it's not really all that pleasant for her either. she knows she's bad (x-chromosome difference between her father and mother which is usually, in conservative cultures to be more uptight), so she's always trying to paint everyone else a picture of her goodness, even thouh she knows she's this uptight monster thatt her father (usually) had a much better version of feminine-mind, than her uptight and proper mother.
she's only sabotaging herself with her own symbols, because the sunlight and moon emanation cause her to *see* her symbols. if she understands it and it's good, she wants it -- but she *logically* has (often times) a very different perspective of things. they've got the world figured out and they *know* what's good and bad (the original sin), and they read reality by the way it *should* be. every should is an attraction. they then have to ensure those attracted manifestations of those physical things into reality requres one to have safety and security. we need barriers and interfaces, syntax and operation. procedure so that the narrative flows well. inability to understand the narrative spells disaster, because then, things could interact incorrectly, yielding undefined behaviour and uncertain results.
everything she likes about others, she likes about herself. everything she hates about herself, she hates in others.
usually, she can't tell the difference between herself and others; she's empathetic. she's subjected to the whims of the environment I'm in (I mean, she; she's in) therfore, she's got to have reasons, justifications and analysis of why things are the way they are. we (I mean she) needs to explain our world to others, to explain it to ourselves. we (I mean she) just needs to talk it out. if she can't communicate effectively, a slighmt error in the symbols can have drastic, dramatic, and cascading results. the system is fragile, so she's hyper awayre of the uncertaincy of her symbolic interpretation. she's failed many times to predict in the past -- but lol, that's because she doesn't know she's an emmitter, not absorber of symbols. therefore, it's natural for us (I mean her) to want to feel dominant. we (I mean, she) needs to be the *emitter* of the symbolic reality, not the receiver; so, we (I mean she) is right.

#### 2023-04-04 22:28 - codependence

@[youtube](https://youtu.be/9P16xvwMQ5A)

this is kinda a followup because in watching that video I understood how the lilith/succubus thing works -- and what happens is that she makes life look so good because of her symbolic perception that he grows to depend on her for his sycbolic reality. they gain codepenrence. when she leaves, this leaves an enormous void for him, as his reality is now *devoid*/dever of those symbols, which then his emotional reaction allows her to fuel her symbolic *output*. if you can make her happy, you fuel her symbolic output to reflect happiness, but if she doesn't feel good, she converts tha reality into ugly symbols. it's unfortunate for the guy when this happens, especially if he's developed a symbolic or narrative environment with her.

for example, in my case, I thought patricia was venus, and her boyfriend she said she had would be saturn, making me thoth. in the case of raquel, I associated her with isis, and just expected to see the solar perception, essentially through her. she was easier because I could tell that I no longer saw the nice isis solar reality, but it also meant I was considerably more affected by the moon, as a counter-balance. I rebounded pretty quickly and am sure that she inspired me to sun-watch and try to perceive like how the sun perceives things. I switched from patricia (symbolic, logical, understanding) to a solar reality (where she liked so many of my ideas, cept the ones that conflicted with her spanish culture). I was able to recover them on my own without needing her anymore. from there, I studied vulcan's conceptual (unit) perception of reality, where everything feels like another thing and there are sort of coagulations (like spore in medium) of intensity that giv e things a pokey or smooth shape to all feelings (edge definition)

### 2023-04-06 00:49 - 3rd ray venusian sabotage artists

tonight, I'd like to talk about the idea of what venus looks like (from a big-picture perspective); the first concept to start is that *lust is calculated desire*.

as an example, I wanted a girl that was left-handed, and could program really well, logical and has a capacity to understand large symbolic structures. some time went by (not really very much), and there she was; because, she was a calculated desire, she appeared to me extremely lofty and "perfect". I was sure she had to be "too good to be true" -- I maen, it's not like it should be so easy to find her (she was at the place where we went to work), and it's not like she would be so actually likeable. it should have been much harder, I thought. she was something that I shouldn't be able to acquire so easily, so my thoughts toward her were *lustful*.
later on, I realised that style of thought isn't helpful. I thoughtt similarly about andrea as well -- like, OK, that's weird I shouldn't be able to just *be possible* for the guy that pulled me out of financial disaster (lol, blind leading the blind,, I know) also have a daughter that's *literally* doing what I determined that I needed/wanted to learn. I'd like to remind you that I'd been conditioned by terence to believe that 2012-12-21 is an important date; and, additionally just prior to that, metatron explained that there's a planetary crystal matrix that activates in sequence on the days and months with repeating days, so for example 4-4, 2-2, or 12-l2 when he said that the final 12-something (dodecahedron) grid would activate on the planet and that this would be a major shift in consciousness. some shift it was: I remember barely consciously binge listening to abraham messages about how to feel the way you want to feel: feel good anyway; want/need to feel good, and actually have *desire* to feel good (instead of just settling for feeling miserable and like crap). that day (somewhere between 12-12 & 12-21), I decided to feel good, anyway. I nearly starved, drugs didn't help and I finally drank and smoked all of my money away, so that marcos would invite me into his house. I didn't really know that I was about to meet another calculated desire, andrea there -- right, and that's the problem and why it didn't go anywhere: I still *lusted* after her because I strongly valued people that can feel the way they want to feel. turns out, I wasn't looking for anything more than an example though, because what I *reallly wanted* was to become that myself, rathar than just observe someone else with it.
what happens is that these venusian girls (I'm including myself in this group), we calculate what we think is the most desirable thing, and then (cause we're awesome), they appear really quickly and effortlessly. however, it's always the case tthat we're (I mean, she's) not ready for her calculated desire, so disaster happens.
the reason why disaster happens is because she's thinking that desire is emissive -- but that's the *same exact flaw* as trying to understand other people and the environment with symbols. the simple reason for this is that understanding is the attractive side of symbols, when I (I mean, she) wants to understand the symbols of something, they play over and over in her head until she's figured them out and neatly placed them into a category so they're no longer unknown; desire's the same way: when she tries to figure out her desire, it's like trying to figure out symbols -- she attracts them closer and closer into her experience until they're big enough for her to see the flaws in her calculated desire. therefore, because so many calculated desires have turned out a bit different than she had anticipated, her risk aversion faculties kick in and she needs to make sure her calculated desire is *actually* what she wants.
the mechanism for why the miscalculation is pretty plainly obvious: she doesn't see the 2nd ray big-picture for herself well enough -- which is usually because she's seeing everything from the lunar perspective: which is that there's a new moon, then he grows up to be a full moon, vibrant and very prominant, but then that only lasts for a short period of time, because it's all downhill from there -- down into obscurity again, until its rebirth again. this is the phoenix perspective, and it's the look at the wave from the *external* outside-in perspective -- meanwhile the sun looks not from the outside-in, but from the inside-out, and so from that perspective, it looks like fluctuatons, but overall a continually increasing amount of brightness and understanding. this continually increasing amount of brightness is the "big-picture"; the long-term (even across species and countless transitions) over all the big-picture there is *always* increase. you don't need to have the most desirable thing to have continually increasing brightness. the manifestations no longer appear as anything other than continuaing increase.
I'm terrified of continuing increase, because I experience it all the time (cause I'm improving more than deproving), so for me that same sort of "risk aversion" is actually the continual effort to try and slow myself down. in fact, nearly all of my concern in life is about not going too fast. I worry, not because I feel like it's a problem, but because I need to identify the problems and confront them head-on before they get too big. all problems are manageable, if I'm out ahead of them, because I see their increasing problem (*and do something about it*): by finding a way to doge it. slippery, I know -- but it has the added benefit of giving me the appearance of *gliding* between things, and not trying to run into them (which is why I confront them head on) -- cause this is the non-physical, so everything is backwards. next, I have the assurance that, because things are constantly getting brighter and improving all of the time, *if* (and this is a huge hypothetical) such an event were to occur, it's just like landing your aircraft in the ocean because your approach was too fast: hardly a problem .. *splash!*
subsequently, after a number of spectacular fails, I've learned to calculate my desire somewhere in the realm of "manageable" or "worst" -- as those speeds are landable.
coming in short? that problem is only apparent; never real.
it's also a good idea (I think) to make sure the landing cable can carry the weight of the aircraft carrier, and/or make sure the bulkhead can survive speeds of over a thousand knots. I can be slowed, but I cannot be stopped. this is the power of desire and the visible big picture: continually increasing power and brightness (glory).

#### 2023-04-06 10:00 - dove

OK, one way to learn how to look at non-physical is to interact with a dove. if I feel something in my heart and then project it toward the dove, it doesn't work. what's happening, is I'm attracting that feeling reality toward myself, not toward the dove. in order to see the light show, I have to feel the heart in the dove, feeling that way. non-physical is the same: you don't feel yourself that way -- you feel the heart (of the future you), feeling that way, so that you're mutually attracting each other. thatt's for symbols, and how to see those symbols rendered by feeling the *feelings* of those symbols in tthe dove's heart (or whatever organ it is -- I just think heart).

for desire, the process is pretty much the same: whenever I feel a desire in my own heart, I know that this is an illusion, because if I were to actually be feeling that, my reality would already reflect that, meaning I wouldn't considser myself as feeling significantly better, or worse. instead, I feel the desire in a past (regret) or future version of myself, and those feelings attract from their position in the future.

I used the word "feelling" because I think it's the best translation of tthe world, but you could think off it also as a perspective shift. to illustrate: the perspective difference between someone walking, driving, on a swingset, on a roller-coaster or ferris-wheel are all different because of the style of their movement. I don't know how to say that style-feeling in english, so "feel" is sufficient enough for the symbolic approach.
desire is also pretty much the same: also a shift in perspective, something like the way an airplane feels when it hits a pocket of air, or you feel like when you're getting close to your destination christmas day. it's the perceivied movement of (from the perspective of the desire, not the desirer) of getting closer or further away. notice, for example, how similar feeling watching something get destroyed is to feeling like you just missed the freeway offramp.

yeah, you have to feel likke your destination is *receiving* you or whatever the desire is. there are implications to this, because for example, if I get angry and pissed off and try to project a angry feeling into someone else's heart -- I'm the one that's attracting (and they may be too, if the feeling iss strong enough in their heart). that's for the symbolic; for the desire, note that something similar to jealousy is the way to do it. when I feel *them* getting their desires, I feel jealousy, but I'm attracting for them, the approach of their desire. in order to do that for myself, I just feel for myself the attraction of my desire toward me (usually helpful to think of this "me" as someone in the future, because obviously the present "me" doesn't feel that way, and/or isn't capable of receiving the desire)

### 2023-04-06 17:21 - echo and narc-issus

before we start, do you suppose that saturn/satan finds it humorous watching all of these venusian/apollonian sabotage artists successfully land their aircraft in the ocean? or, do you think he's also a victim to the same faulty logic of using symbols to figure things out. I'll demonstrate.

I noticed a lot of similarities in the myth of echo and narcissus that echo is venus/diana (because she can only echo the symbols that have been spoken/played in recent *time* -- the domain, which her consort, saturn upholds, like atlas). so that's fairly simple, so then is narcissus thoth or saturn then? I'll claim both -- because, for example, there are some versions of mercury, in the form of paris and other pages, attain a level of self-flattery and preservattion. they're the paris's that prefer the easy, vain, and materialistic way of life (he's a 7th ray), and so we see this same kind of behaviour mirrored in hawtyness in mars/aries, who is also a 7th ray.

we can look at the 7th ray aspect through the angle of paris here, where his aspect reflects a coming together of things -- a coagulation into form; and, perfection. contrast that now with mars' main aspect which is the pulling apart: destruction, personified in confusion, chaos, and terror. this is the war angle looking at the same 7th ray concept. next, we can also look at the same persective of narcissus, who (in my opinion) is feminine as well: she's the receptive (and then retransmitting) look into the concept -- meaning, that she absorbs physicality and then retransmits them out into the perfection of his mind/thought (thoth). however, at the same time, she's destructive because physical impulse is received and amplifed (as a reflection of desire) back out into the world, which can either create massive destruction -- or, it can create a perfection.
inotherwords, both narcissus and echo are reflections. however, echo reflects *symbols* (words/narrative), and narcissus (mars/thoth) reflects physicality (appearance/form).
I think I would actually personify the these two qualitiy differences on a sort of spectrum that I'm going to try to explain: on one side there is destruction, chaos, disharmony, and war; the other is coming togther/attraction, cohesion, creation, and perfection and harmony.
the two sides of this spectrum havo so many different aspects between, it doesn't look much like a spectrum, but it encompases all of what we consider "physicality". notice, for example, the difference between chaos/disharmony vs destruction/war, creation/cohesion vs perfection/cohesion. the different aspects toword these basic attractive and repulsive forces *are* the gemini. these are 2 poles on the same planet, two heads on self-same coin, etc.

OK, now let's look at endymion. his wife is said to be selene/diana (crecent, not of the moon but *venus*). in that tale *apollonius* (mortal diana) writes that selene (immortal venus) falls in love with mortal endymion, so she asks zeus to give him immortal youth (cupid), and so juiter gives endymion immortality (meaning he's got a planetary residency for the emination of his soul now). endymion gets put into an "eternal sleep"
    notice the similarity here to cupid and the sleeping. there's a curious thing about this, I think -- and that is that vision in the sleep state (astral), is wholly different from the physical. in the cupid and psyche version of the myth, cupid doesn't want psyche to ever see cupid (herself) in the night time (astral) -- meaning that cupid doesn't want to see himself in dreams/astral.
I believe this eternal sleep is not *actual* sleep, but an inabiltity for endymion to perceive astral. apollonius says that endymion is visited at night be (lilith), and he bears to her 50 daughters.
    just a second. I read that the olympiad is related to the 50 daughters, and I noticed that olympics are held every 48 months -- yet there are 50. do you have something in mind that has 48 but then two extras?
    anyway, I was looking at the gods involved with setting up the olympaid, and it's another interesting triad that I'd not looked at before: jupiter, hera, and athena/apollo. upon noticing that venus is the same as apollo, but they are both 3rd forms of venus (-3); and, sure enough, in the same way, hera is the same as zeus.
    the way to understand why hera and zeus are the same (and why this is a triad), is that one of them (jupiter) is not in physical. +3 is non-physical, so to get a physical manifestation, he (+3) becomes vulcan (-5+). for athena/apollo, this isn't the same because (I believe) for venus to become physical, they split into male and female pairs: +3 (apollo) and -3 (athena).
    following that line of thought, I just noticed that it's quite possible for jupiter to become physical, a similar translation takes place where jupiter put into physical, yields thoth (+7) and saturn (+-4)... interesting. I wonder then, if saturn being put into physical would be ... I'd guess it'd result in cupid (+1) and aphrodite/psyche (-7) -- though I'm not sure -- but it seems like it should (also?) produce mars (+7) and anatau (-1) -- though it seems to me that she looks like vulcan/hera (-5+) and not herself.
the 50 number also shows up in relation to enlil as well, but I'm not sure what it means entirely -- but my logical mind can't possibly not notice that 49 are all the ray combinations (7x7) and also one more, which is probably the exact dual (opposite/reverse/mirror/echo/reflection) to endymion -- meaning (to me): that endymion figured out all 7x7 ray relationships within himself (ie, perfected) and so he contains all of the elements. each of the 49 daughters represent the pure ray energy relationship, but the last one there is his foil/opposite in female form.

now, let's look at the myth of echo and narcissus by ovid: juno/hera (-5+) curses echo (-7) and tells her that she can only repeat the same *words* recently spoken by another person. this sets up the reflective aspect, but here echo is physically reflective, and not symbolically like in the jupiter one.
echo notices narc out hunting (like diana, so this is apollo), and falls in love with him. the more she looked at *him* (like nartisist looks at himself), the more she falls in love with *him* (not herself). she wants the ability to fall in love with herself, so she tries to find a way to get him. hearing her, they start a dialoge (that sounds like many couples arguing):
narc: is anyone there?
echo: is anyone there?
narc: come here
echo: come here
narc: (she must want me to come to her)
narc: (I bet she's trying to get me to make the first move)
narc: (no answer, she's probably running away from me)
narc: this way, we must come together!
echo: we must come together!
echo: (he loves me! I'll go to him right away)
narc: (wth? who does she think she is trying to touch my beloved (self)?)
narc: hands off! I'd rather die than to have you enjoy my body (beloved)!
echo: enjoy *my* body...
(they depart)

this is a dramatic reinactment of these venusian sabotage artists I was talking about previously. notice however, that this story is clearly the saturnian one. in here endymion is saturn and echo is venus; the story of the broken corinthian column. in short, these two: echo and endymion are the self-same symbolic "soul" (astral/dream) and they get instantiated into physical as two opposites: the female is looking endlessly for her symbolic counterpart, and the more he rejects her, the more she likes him. he (saturn/endymion) can never escape his symbolic counterpart in female form -- as she'll continue to be more and more attracted to him. why? because she, unable to fall in love with herself, wants what he has, which is self-appreciation.

endymion/echo's (vs. jupiter/hera/apollo/athena) story ends in tragedy (and will continue to do so), so long as she's incapable of loving/appreciating herself. notice also how echo here is presented in the feminine form, but in reality she's thoth. when thoth is masculine, he emits materiality like paris, his whole world a reflection of his vanity and appreciation of his self-awesomeness. when in feminine form, however, he can only see the things he likes about himself *outside of himself* -- and so she notices all of the things she likes/wants for herself (and admits to having), she finds those things very attractive (or unattractive, depending on her perception). when she's looking at the things she likes, she's attracting more and more of that. she notices everything about narc (saturn/thoth), and makes them more. if he's whatever good or bad he'll become more of that (the tree of good and evil). therefore, to turn this tragedy into not a tragedy, is to not see it as a tragedy. let me try and explain:
narc: is anyone there?
echo: is anyone there?
    everything in life is a reflection, so all the questions you're asking outward are the self-same questions you're asking yourself
narc: come here
echo: come here
    commands as well; everything I'm telling/suggesting/shoulding to someone else, I'm telling/suggesting/shoulding those things to myself -- cause, if I were already doing them, I wouldn't be bothered by the other person not doing them
narc: (she must want me to come to her)
    this is the game of first and last: do I want to be the cause or the effect
narc: (I bet she's trying to get me to make the first move)
narc: (no answer, she's probably running away from me)
    we assume in physicality usually *not* by intuition, but by logical/symbolic reasoning, trying to figure out the situation and what action to take
narc: this way, we must come together!
    (attraction)
echo: we must come together!
    she notices that what she's looking for is not inside herself, so she tries to get him to come to him
echo: (he loves me! I'll go to him right away)
    more logical assumptions based on symbols and their meaning -> which then produces action
narc: (wth? who does she think she is trying to touch my beloved?)
    I like me more than you like me! also, I like me more than you like yourself
narc: hands off! I'd rather die than to have you enjoy my body!
    he knows that her influence on him spells the beginning of his "death" and that from then on he'll start to love himself and see himself, like she loves and sees him -- but he really likes who he is, so he *has* run away rathar than risk dying.
echo: enjoy *my* body...
    it's not about me enjoying your body; instead, come here to enjoy my body! I want what you have, so please want *me*.

notice how the whole time, she's so fixated and intent on trying to get her desire executed in *words* and symbol. the next stage of her is to start to manipulate the symbols  (like portia) to fit her desire: which, in this case is calculated: she *thinks* she wants him to come to her, but she's totally missed the point of desiring herself, more than desiring to alter the symbols/narrative to attract her desire. by manipulating the symbols in narrative, she is no longer an echo, but a transformation on the original symbols.
all she needs to know now, is that everything she likes external to herself, is also what she likes about herself. she can then recognise everything that she likes outward is something in me that I like.
then, upon recognising that she likes herself in everything around her, she will begin to see more and more of herself everywhere -- and if she likes how she sees herself, she'' become one of those that now see from the inside-out: ever increasing brightness (the tree of life), she's constantly attracting more of what she sees and finds attractive/repulsive (which are only resonant aspects of herself). easy :=)

### 2023-05-09 20:15 - origin of the sea peoples

@[youtube](https://youtu.be/IkmqT6FqlYQ)

OK dude, check this out; (the culmination to quite a few theories): first I must invoke...

#### the lyra/vega earth

OK, imagine is a star system that is exactly like earth -- and it gets that way because of saturn, venus, and mercury combo; those connect to their counterparts in the opposite system. thing is, we're exactly 180(degrees) out of phase from each other: I noticed that their constellations look pretty similar to ours, so it's either really close to us, or it's on the other side of the galaxy.
  I say on the other side of the galaxy because in the sirian-guide, they talk about a large war that took place in this galaxy and so much was destroyed (which is why there's so much dust), that only the two opposite sides of the galaxy remained: earth and our opposite.
  apparently, they've come to attack us and stuff or were our enemies or something. however, if vega is closeby, that could be a sort of swapping -- imagine for a moment a triangle inside of a circle: one extreme is earth, then across it to the opposite side of the circle is opposite earth -- now, to the left or right is the right-triangle reflector, which is where vega would be.
for now, let's just ignore its location and focus in on my theory of how it works: before that, let's try and get symbol understood...

#### symbolic assocation

when we experience something, that something is an emotion or concept, and the frequency of that concept (in our brains) is a composition of frequencies from our understanding/perception of a number of archetypes/forms -- which account for all of the graphic detail of the event, but also the symbols contained within it; we remember symbolically, but we experience conceptually, so when we remember something, those symbols automatically produce a feeling/exprience that represents our perception of those symbols (in the sequence they're performedr).
I like to think of each emotion/concept as having a blend of a set of symbols, as I can often times tell you the symbolic perception of a situation. most people have a difficult time expressing this symbol into words (cause what if I'm wrong; or, what if I'm right). the reason why, I think is because they believe it's a gamble. for me though, I don't experience symbolic experience, so for me I can translate any moment (it helps to stop or distance myself from it in time/space) -- and as the memory fades, the memory doesn't fade -- and in fact the concept remains there, but getting dimmer all the time, cept when I put my attention on it, then it transforms part of itself into the new way that I perceive it: for example, a memory from long ago, I remembered much differently from half as long ago, to the present (it looses it's vividness).
therefore, in any moment, I have feelings that set off triggers for the symbols that I have a problem with.
  I don't have any data on this, but I feel like non-saturnian types don't often experience this feeling response to the emotion of the moment. tbh, I don't know if it's only saturnian types, because it seems that also girls have this perception by nature as well (perhaps we all have it, but certainly not everyone is aware of it, anyway).
when I experience a set of symbols, I notice the way they feel together, and that freaks me out -- like a sort of override to my default mental state -- sort of like "do not approach these symbols; very bad if you do" sort of thing -- and I believe this is pretty common amongst aryans anyway, but it's a list of "do nots", which are really good for guiding people -- like herding them, perhaps like a shepherd.

anyway, the symbol itself is composed of logic (just like a computer program) that refers to other archetypes/symbols and with logical expressions, works out the interaction mechanics (syntax,interface) to any other symbol, raising alerts in the form of other feelings/concepts. the feeling/concept that are received and output can interact with real earth technology -- as it's probably just a frequency in the x-ray or perhaps higher speeds.
remember too that each concept also has a blend of resonances with other symbols, so any input or output of a concept/emotion will trigger the other concepts and symbols on their resonant frequency. when multiple symbols are activated at the same time, that's your basic symbolic perception, and you can again run other code, or activate other emotional/conceptual events in response to the symbolic situation and its associated logic.
  obviously it's a lot of extra work to maintain/attract a lot of different types of situational logic, so we group logic into behavioural spectrums that are used for more general situations, like family, friends, someone I hate, person I need to keep X secret away from, etc. very helpful to also have a sort of emergency mode, which is perfect for handling undefined situations or undefined other symbolic behaviour (including my own).
most symbols are very simple things, and they're defined by "us", but most notably by chaps such as plato, democritus, aristotle, etc., as they enabled us to say that things that resonate with certain conceptual/experiencal (felt) vibrations are things of virtue all the way to atoms. every single thing we can see, has a concept to it, which evokes the symbol, which gives it its colour (the motion is the concept).

a concept that is expireinced in a powerful enough way can/will produce a physical manifestation of the closest sound rendering for that concept that the brain can find; same for visuals, and the other senses; essentially like a dream: each concept taking its most credible/believable experience to match the symbols that the concept resonates with.

#### venus and vega

the important thing to note is the importance of jupiter and venus in our connection to this other system, which is that both of these entities receive symbolic preception form us -- they're not just in our DNA, they're in the environment that we live, and it's what allows us to see with our eyes and experience with our bodies. we don't experience the symbol itself because the symbol is (from our perspective) subatomic, and the concept is always as large as an atom, or bigger.
  one day, when we're capable of peering therough the surface of the atom, we'll begin to reduce the size of our concepts even further.
venus is connected (through megalithic technology) to earth and also to opposite-earth in lyra, and so therefore she receives the symbols from our planet and outputs compatible symbols to the opposite: she's the right-triangle reflector between the two earths, meaning that all of our symbols are reinterpretted by her in her narrative.
  when I say "her" I'm referring to the group of females (and men as well) that have the saturnian 34 perspective into the symbolic realm; and because the opposite to her is thoth, these symbols are going to be perceived in narrative form. we all create these symbols when we create narrative and beieve it.
the sun creates new symbols as well, but unless we believe and interact with them, venus doesn't send them over because there's no narrative equivalent yet.

#### 1ky cycle

it's my belief that the earth and vega trade off exploding every 1kya as a part of its solar cycle -- so what happens is say that the sun blasted 2kya and caused the dark ages -- then, it follows that vega blasted 1kya.

what I believe happens is that the blast pretty much wipes out everything on the planet where the exploding star is at; and the earth of the exploding star will be at a much higher frequncy -- so let's take now for example: earth's sun is outputting a lot, but lyra's sun is about to blast. normally (like around the time of the bronze age collapse and ~1kya), what will happen is one of two things (not sure which yet): 1. the increasing output of venus' symbols into the opposite earth causes the vibration of those frequencies to attract symbolically resonant concepts to manifest/incarnate into the conception of that concept into physcal manifestation -- which then incarnates them into the non-obliterated earth. or, 2. the solar blast makes it impossible for the oposite side's concept to retain its form, and so then experience signal is too noisy...
at any rate, the result here is that at the end of each cycle, there is a massive influx of entities from the opposite-earth that just had the blast.
what that means is that earth is starting to become more and more desireable to experience than their location. right now we're partially in both worlds, but eventually (2038?) that alternate world will be lost, and they're going to find theirselves physical and amongst us.
what happens here is that right after the blast, they're normally incentivised to come to earth and wreak havoc on earth. they're shepherding types, because they're really symbolic/imaginative, able to perceive the symbol of a situation with pretty extreme clarity, so they really can read a situation and know how to behave within their programmed response/syntax -- and so for things to operate correctly, they have to have steer others behave the "right way" so that they can symbolically analyse others with ease, meanwhile theirselves trying to symbolically act in a such a way, as the true nature of their actions are not easily detectable.
  this carries obviously the problem that here on earth, I noticed that more and more people are starting to become conceptual in their experience instead of conceptual. though conceptual experience is a notably aryan (5th root-race) experience, a symbolic experience does seem to be a notably atlantean experience.
  I seem to be one of those that has figured out how to use this sort of symbolic/robotic form of perception, and I've improved upon it even: it's not as desirable for them to find theirselves plunged into an experience with a bunch of people like me, because I seem to be able to read a situation, not using symbol as a primary source, but as a way of interpretting and alarming (reactionary), and I can't really figure out how to behave symbolically, and choose to behave unexpectedly/spontanously based on how the symbols make me feel/react.
the difficulty here is that normally, they would come here after their solar blowout and be top-dawgs, able to overcome everyone with power and force, able to hide behind their symbol and syntax, words, spells, and laws -- that the destruction and subsequent "fall" into our physical plane ("from heaven they came": annunaki), was not a bad thing -- however, this now is the problem.
  OK, getting more specific here: when their star blows, they'll all incarnate here into earth and try to run the show. up until this point, I've been seemingly trying to give them as much of a technology edge as possible. I beileve that's the whole point of the "gifting fields" and the other things -- that the south pole germans have been doing to ensure that they have enough technology in order to be able to have the tools necessary to "control" us in this technology age (they're used to using power and force), and I think that's largely also because it'll keep them busy for a while, meanwhile we're all getting more and more energetic.
  at the end of the next 1ky, we'll all be in lyra as equals and some of us will be extremely energetic, meanwhile they may be a little disadvantaged. they'll have to figure out how to work their way back up on their own terms.
    this extrapolation assumes that in that next 1ky they've managed to prevent us from ever creating anything or expanding out to the rest of the galaxy. it's quite possible that some new developments may happen in the next 1ya.
  the next subject of concern, I think, has to do with *when* lyra will explode: I believe that it may be quite directly related to me, because of how much of a symbolic effect I have on people.
    the other thing I noticed is that one of the germanic imports from vega came with a set of mythologies that ragnarok will be started because of a female seer (the vagina) -- literally: vulva. it basically happens because of a girl -- and looking at the symbols, she causes vision and that kills one guy which then brings out the sun king which survives ragnarok.
    putting it together, sex would cause a massive increase in solar output, which would then spin out of control until the explosion, at which they'll all come streaming into our reality.
    we should probably make a matrix or something.

therefore, I must conclude that the origin of the influx of people the last lkya, 3kya, 5kya and (maybe) 7kya (maybe 12kya?) are likely the influx of these shepherd kings coming in from vega.

#### 2023-05-10 03:40 - critical analysis

I'm aware that the "vega infux hypothesis" (gatta give it a cool sounding name!) is a manufactured and completely unprovable threat narrative that, I'm using as a call to action... it comes natural to me :) I'm also aware of the dubious nature of countless cult-leaders and dictators alike who have used such a narrative device as motivation (and, I'm sure it'll likely be no more successful than any of their attempts, either).

secondly, I'm also aware that sometimes when I'm stoned, I can't see the forest through all of the trees, and that's what happened when I tried to make the event periodic -- when, it's likely (like the coming day of the LORD) be one of those things that absolutely nobody will know the hour of it -- cause, if it's a solar explosion, then the trigger is not likely to be anything running on a clock, but actually a massive shift in emotion causing that runaway feedback loop of manifesting things causing dissatisfaction, which causes dissatisfaction, etc.
  the trigger likely is something related to emotions, as I've postulated that the catastrophic end of the last ice age was just that -- where people had been using the astral realm to conjure pictures and entities for others to interact with in the astral plane -- those beings likely existed mostly on the opposite-earth, but when some trigger happened they came flooding in (the greeks to fight off the atlantian attacks?) and all of of these entities which were designed to threaten and harass others in the astral (conjured using symbols), so they're concepts (meaning they have a feeling asseciated with them), and when "the atlatians wanted to subdue the world at a blow" (can't remember plato's quote exactly), these entities were essentially attracted/conjured into the physical based on a similar feeling (though not likely the same appearance, cause each concept has a subset of symbols).
so when exactly it'll happen (I can see now) is almost certainly not going to be predicted exactly when it'll happen -- but likely when certain emotions rise to a hight that they cause the manifestation of one of those concepts into our reality which produces more of that feeling causing that runaway feedback situation.

therefore, because I believe it's probably not going to happen at any predictable time, I think the road that I'm headed on is actually the right one... therforfore, my plan is simply to keep doing what I've been doing: find a way to prevent my kundalini from rising, because almost certainly that happening will be a super accelerator of dissatisfaction amongst people, which will inevitably pull the trigger. so really, for me there's nothing to be done -- cause I'm already headed the correct direction.
if I look at this from the big-picture, me holding off on all of that will give us time to prepare for our own narrative energy to come streaming into our reality, cause after-all, we're the ones that are attraacting it anyway. for those that I call "nosebook", they'll have more time to get their system setup (thinking they'll be safe cause they have everyone controlled), all of us can begin to reshape our myths and historical narrative, so that we're actaully attracting symbols of what we want, rathar than unwanted.
  just think for a moment how much more different it would be if a good amount of us, are actually attracting a narrative reality where awesome stuff appears and starts to happen -- like say tons of hot girls, instead of warriors who want to destroy; or, maybe cool tech guys that want to make our tech dreams into a reality (that's what zaryn was for me) -- or, whatever, you know...
you see, I have a unique perspective on this type of reality because I already live it. my theory on the way this works is that when this conceptual energy grows to such a height, it manifests in the astral as sounds and pictures, but when the energy continues to grow, it finally makes it all the way down to physical and manifests into reality. therefore, my entire life is already living what it would be like if lyra has already popped, and I'm attracting all of those manifestations to show up in the physical rathar than just my mind.
therefore, I can say, as a person that unexcapably is subjected to my own concepts and feelings (that I believe) manifesting into physical as a reflection of my feeling/perception, it's a good idea to learn how to get what's wanted:
  in the raganarok scenario, let's say I'm that guy that survives ragnarok -- well, it's pretty obvious why that is, which is that I've already summoned my ragnarok and am living it now, so my reality is already a reflection of what I see as the manifestation of the all-powerful and uncontrollable force which is able to subdue me: nosebook. therefore, anything anyone else is experiencing as a reflection of their perception (cause the image won't show up anymore in response to the feeling, but a reality manifestation instead) is entirely their own creation, and is attracted to *them*, and not to me.
  my (and everyone else's) job is to simply let others have their own manifestations, whatever they are (good or bad), because I don't want to involve myself in their own attraction and make their attraction my attraction.
I threw out the idea of creating a matrix yesterday, because it's something that I want to create for myself. I like the idea of being able to simplify my reality and see only what I want to see instead of what's "really there", -- because what's "really there" is, for me, entirely an illusion already, so why not just fully embrace the completely false/matrix reality? I know from experience that all reality (manufactured by nosebook or otherwise) are ultimately concepts that reflect *my perception* of the symbols that they contain, and so therefore I'm completely in control. I see no difficulty, as the experience is probably like nothing other than just getting used to a drug.

when the sea peoples come rushing in again for the next time, I think it'd be great if they came to a world filled with people like me, so that they're let's say "welcomed" instead of feared. I personally have no problems with anyone trying to control me at this point, cause all energy they're emitting to try and hold me back, that same amount of energy is also holding them back the same. they can't deal with a reflector, unless they want to deal with theirselves.
that's my attracted reality though, and nobody else has to partake in that if they don't want to, which is why I recommend building up a narrative for oneself that reflects what they actually desire (cause it will manifest).
  whatever anyone wants, they can desire it, and then the only thing left holding back the manifestation is: the image (which can produce a feeling of its closeness or a feeling of its separation) and also one's own readyness for it, as well -- like, you've have to actually be able to *receive* it.
    so, for example, if you want love, you have to start to feel love now. if you want a bike, you have to start to feel that bike coming now, etc. -- and the distance of the manifestation will be directly proportional to how likely it feels to you that something like that could happen.
    yes, this is the main reason why none of my manifestations have appeared -- and it's mostly because I find it extremely unlikely that it'll ever happen -- cause there are simply so many barriers that separate me from everyone else, it simply won't happen until you all are more a reflection of me, than I am of you all.
    presently, I'm more of a reflection of everyone else, than I am of myself. I have a lot of depth to me which I really like to express, but because I'm so non-resistant, I end up manifesting what others summon from me, and not actually *who I really am*.
      the easy way for me to become dominant and show everyone who I really am, is to let my kundalini rise, making my perception dominant, forcing you all to be reflections of me -- but I don't really want that, because afterall everyone else is who they are. I don't need to force anyone to do anything so that I can get what I want. my manifestation is *certain* from my perspective, so I prefer to find a way to let my energy keep rising naturally (like how it is), letting everyone adjust to it gradually instead of making a sudden and abrupt change, forcing everyone to see things my way.
    I don't really mind being a reflection of everyone else though -- yet, like I expressed in some contemplations with myself recently, I don't really want to become a reflection of girls, and I actually think it's those misguided ideas about how to *receive* something, that actually is the problem.
  most of our society teaches us that the only way we can receive something is by using some physical mechanism (spells, incantations, physical beauty, witty words, sly tougue, things like that) to be able to convince others to relinquish something that they have (like money, property, their virginity, etc.) and so in order to obtain that thing *outside of me*, I have to find a way to physically *make it happen*.
  in reality, though that's not the way that attraction works; instead I have to find a way to feel like the thing that I want is already present in my life (without it being there).
    this idea is somewhat related to "fake it tell you make it" -- but slightly different in that faking it, means you're pretending -- and my way is to make the feeling that you want (abundance, if you want money; security, if you want a relationship, etc.) be the thing that one feels which *attracts* the manifestations that reflect the way the person feels. *reception* of something that feels similar to me is always much easier than somethingt that does not feel like I feel.
  everything we're fighting for/against on the outside is the same struggle on the inside. you can't receive it if it still feels like something that is incompatible with you.
it comes when it feels compatible with us -- which is essentially the job of the narrative, which is to come to expect something that feels different than we do.
  I don't prefer a narrative reality, as I'm more of a feeler, and I like to see the symbolic play out in the feelings I experience of reality. I'm not sure if this conceptual upgrade came with the aryans or not, but it seems to me that the dividing line between us that want to experience reality as a narrative (that is, expecting something that feels different than how I feel now), and those of us who are pure reation and desire like me (that is, all reality is symbolic reflection of how I *feel* and perceive it to be).
so, really this entire manufactured narrative I'm proposiing here (the "vega infux hypothesis") is essentially to buy some time and let the narrators build up the narrative that they want -- and also let the feelers/reactors to get used to receiving the reality that they want.

### significance of the lyra in the orpheus myth
- and the reason why it got changed from the egytpian condor to the lyra, plus the swan thing
### consider more triads
### consider how non-physical elements turn into physical
