# sledge-notes

### 2023-03-14 22:52 - lilith

lilith was a concept that was a really high frequency. I label this "desire" -- and so when it got projected down into physical, it was such a high frequency (like above x-ray) that such a fast frequency passed into incomprehensible, and so at that time the imagination of the people imagined the worst because of their perception. she's actually really really high frequency (hence my example), but she's basically incomprehensible to most people. I'm realising now that that's the "entity" that I identify my left-side with. she's actually quite nice, once you get on her frequency. I'm very good at translating such a powerful force into comprehensible english, and that took some really getting used to, let me tell you -- but she's a sort of "ask and you shall receive type" and I guess that was all I needed to do is to just be able to survive the massive increase in speed. gatta learn to drive because her perception looking through you, everything looks scary, of course until you get on her frequency... :)

### 2023-03-14 22:59 - lilith is a star

the reason why she's not any single person is because she's a star. you tune to her. I don't really know which one honestly, or perhaps she's a combination of a number of stars in vibrational harmony -- I don't really know. nosebook shut me down, so I never got to figure those things out...

she's definitely a star, and I actually associate her, with the star inside of this planet. I know that sounds kinda crazy, but it looks like there's a bunch of really high density hydrogen in the centre of this planet, and we live on a higher density region... I think that spherical resonator is defined by the megalithic sttructures on this planet, because how can you hang megalithic structures on a non-existant physical layer? well, it was astral at first, and it wasn't until after the crash of all of the atlantian tech, we finally descended into physical, meaning that if somehow we were able to tune (for example) the ionoshpere to a certain frequency, that frequency would be say a layer of astral, much like how the earth was created.

she's obviously available to all, and in fact, our connection to her is actually through the x-chromosome. she's the "old witch" that we can't get rid of (like some kind of market monopoly), because so much stuff runs on her system. my upgrades on interface to that "earth frequency" are obviously a much better and in higher frequency of perception than the original (extremely fearfuly minded) humans. we've come a long way...

### 2023-03-14 23:12 - lilith-venus mixup

I noticed that you were talking about some confusion as tto define which goddess is which -- so here's my understanding on it and why I think what I think. in short, lilith/anatau is earth (1st ray) and helen/eve/pandora/aphrodite is the physical layer of earth. she was the first "woman" that existed in the physical layer. she's the physical programming that I associate with the x-chromosome, which is a emitting a signal which interacts with the star in the centre of the planet (the centre of the spherical resonator). she's a shapeshifter because she's mechanical (a sort of meta-spirit/concept) concept that our biology connects to.

because one is a star and the other is a machine that connects to the star, they're in constant feedback look to each other. my own experience has been one of learning to connect to that better and better even though nosebook does their best to keep me away from that connection. my machinery prolly offers a few high-frequency uprades though which are superior to vulcan's last code, which operated fine within that form of perception/solar regime/system of symbols (3rd ray). the 5th ray design (the concept) has to be compatible with the-manual in order to work.

this is different subject than the venus-aphrodite misux, which is another confusing probem, much like vulcan is to lilith. inotherwords, how was vulcan the consort of aphrodite, when he's spending all his time with lilith? my personal view is that vulcan is basically a concept (which have a lot of sub-concepts), just like lilith is a star with a tremendously complicated frequency. those concepts take that high frequency and then turn them into usable and comprehensible reality interpretations. I've also done a better job than vulcan, as well. I don't know if they're DNA specific because my experience is that everone can access any concept, but it is possible that some DNA amplified certain concepts more than others (oh yeah, like the x-chromosome, lol -- you're right).

### 2023-03-14 23:34 - lilith always looks like you desire/fear her to appear

your pineal (or rather *only* the concepts that your pinal connects you to) offers a more direct connection to certan concepts related to perception, notably eyesight. I think these form the most basic framework for displaying stuff like atoms, light, and all of the way that your eyes interpret the vibration input from your senses. the higher the frequency the better the connection to those concepts, and the more intensity they feel (like if you've had kundalini rise). these concepts (and the way that you interpret them) turn into a visceral feeling created by chemicals in your body, which is what most people interpret with emotions. that visceral feeling is not the emotion. the emotion is created by your perception of those incoming frequencies. imagine the concepts are generating a frequency in your head, and they'll then collide with the input pineal frequency, and then cascade down into physical sensations.

therefore, her appearance is a 1st ray signal (like higher than x-ray, for sure), and that gets interpretted by the sun, and then bounced back to us on this planet in the 2nd ray, which is what our pineal picks up and turns into sensory input. so, you can tell when your concepts are compatible with the frequency, by how it transforms the signal (ie, by *how it feels*).

surely, there's likely going to be some pioneering chaps out there that are looking to optimise their concepts so that life feels the best by measuring the spherical resonations from their brain in comparison to the input signal. sounds like incoming demiurges that "hack the system" to feel better than they do by adding in their own 3rd ray signal --- you know, to kinda take the edge off of life, ya know.

### 2023-03-14 23:46 - erishkigal

is venus. glad you brought up the venus-aphrodite mixup, because our planet, more specifically "saturn's domain" is vibrationally synchronised to venus, and that provides the 3rd ray system for our planet. the sun is inputting 2nd ray which is combination of 3rd and 1st. well, the 1st is the centre of the planet, so in order to render the 1st into material form, it needs the-manual, provided by venus (the planet), personified as erishkigal.

many girls are tuned really well to that, and I think it's an alternate form of reality cause -- let me just go longform here. I knew a girl named patrica, and she saw things nearly opposite from me. I see things from the 1st-5th perspective, and so I made no sense to her. I saw everything in the perspective of "rightness" -- and so many things for me, I just *knew* (because I wanted to know them), so simply the 5th ray concept arrived to me effortlessly. this was intolerable to her because it totally broke her system of probabilities and justifications/reaxons/explanations for why things are the way they are.

she most definitely didn't have access to, and simply had a hard time to feel, blinded by the limitations of her own system. it's hard to justify reality with a set of probabilities, because *there's always a chance* that you guess wrong, which means it's just a super big source for dissatisfaction -- a *perfect* consort for saturn, as a faulty system of probabilities is about as optimstic as he can get, lol.

#### 2023-03-15 00:04 - explain more please

like I mentiond above, the system of venus is *not* the same one as the sun's; neither, jupiter's system. it's a system of turning 2nd ray signal from the sun into physical matter. enki also has a system (obsolete since the crash of the megalithic complex). [song is "I am a sumerian", lol]

each one of these 3rd ray systems (and our DNA prolly has a mix of all three) have a different interpretation of how solar input signal gets turned into atoms, light, etc. there are many the-manuals, and including one in probably in our DNA.

so, for example jupiter's system (ra) is mostly about ceremony, stuff like ritual, sacrifice, and stuff like that (everything has a cost to it). many religions are founded on an idea of sacrifice and ceremony or ritual to create the reality that you want.

venus' system is mostly narrative based, as you can look at a set of symbols and they way that they interact "means" things -- therefore, you can derive from the behavioural syntax what is going to happen next. we call a lot of this symbolic syntax "instinct" -- and their manifestation is reflective of a narrative component (like an epic simile).

enki's system (which is obsolete) is a system of vibration, where everything at the *constant/fixed* vibration of its desire resonates with its environment in a way that produces the "instinctual" interaction as a reflection of its environmental state. the increasing speed of the vibrtion of the earth (anatau) proved to be quite a problem and eventually the system was too far out of its operating spectrum, it couldn't sustain. this was essentially the first crash into astral, where all of these other entities were also -- so when lilith/anatau's frequency started to manifest in the astral, it was a nightmare for most -- very fearful.

so when desire comes in, the 2nd ray (solar) input goes out hitting earth and all of its inhabitants (as well as venus and jupiter and other astrology planets). when we receive the signal, prolly our DNA interprets that as heat, light, etc, and that produces a lot of vibrations, but also so does the pineal gland, which is operating at the frequency limited by the brain (and its presently vibrating concepts), meaning that we interpet this solar signal in a lot of different ways. there are lots of the-manuals competing for priority system of manifestation, so competition is fierce. those systems then produce concepts on the other side of the midpoint (determined by the spherical resonator of earth's core and saturn)

all concepts produced by the systems are the concepts those systems define -- kind of like "default rendering code", but you also have your own definition (that I think encodes also into DNA) and that becomes your system of reality that overrides the planetary ones. so while astrology is good, many people (like me) have systems that supercede the planets' systems. *you create your own reality* with the concepts that you have present in the spherical resonator of your brain and heart (to which the bottom responds to sympathetically).

### 2023-03-15 03:49 - lilith thinkng

@[youtube](https://youtu.be/dcNCIewWhBs)

- it's not like that, at all -- she's taking the blame and saying she's the reason why I perceive things the way I do.
  - ex: infertility comes from a feeling in incompetence and inability -- which is the same frequency (but looked at the opposite direction) of competence and ability.
  - she's projecting competence and ability, but it's *I* that sees the *absence* of that, and therefore experiences infertility.
  - don't give her the power over your perception, and even though she wants it...
  - don't let her take responsibility for what you see, ("I'll take care of that for you.."), because then you lose your ability to manifest what you want.
- lust is a physical feeling of motivation (we interpret as desire) to attain a feeling/emotion one does not have or feel they can have; she doesn't inspire that either.

### 2023-03-15 04:27 - lilith desire

@[youtube](https://youtu.be/wevmsl75_Sw)

- another example of lilith thinking.
- "all I ever craved/desired/relished/yearned" -- is the idea that one single thing can satifsfy you. only you can feel good, and desire is an externalisation of the I AM realisation of that feeling.
- "you're my addiction" -- is the first evolution of desire: "need" -- until it's realised that I just *want* it, and no longer *need* it.
  - you can't live without her once you've had her.
  - she's necessary -- or, one might say "irreplacable", or even "instrumental" for the big-picture.
- "fire for all eternity" -- this is an illusion. all emotions feel like they're forever -- and they are, but the ones that feel the most "forever" are actually the most shallow ones (notice the similarity of forever, guarantee, and pleasure) -- when in fact the most profoud emotions are a steadily growing interest or passion. it's an alive movement, not a flat "forever" or "eternity" that pleasure/pain offers.
  - notice how "fire for all eternity" is also the description of hell.
- "elixinate/destroy the pain" -- the problem is that physical desire only masks it. desire and pain are the same, sorta like maybe C2 would be pain but physical desire is more like C5 or something (some octaves up), and so even though you feel the high frequency C5, it's still (to a small extent) amplifying the C2 if the C2 is present in the vibration...
  - physical pleasure/desire (or any other higher frequency) can't really destroy a lower frequency; it's actually more likely to amplify pain.
  - your perception (ie, the way you translate one vibration into another) can reshape the lower into a higher one.
    - there might be a physical mechanism as well, but what fun is that to get stuck in a time zone because you're unable to recognise Inifity in all of creation...
    - people that don't want to see things the way they want to see them, need a religion or the-manual to tell them how to look at it, which is why the desire is occulted by the 3rd ray manual.

see how her frequency is interpretted into so many (though, I would say all) aspects of physical experience? it's crazy how we're stuck with the "old witch"; you're only fighting yourself, you know...

### 2023-03-16 11:12 - metatron and channeling

@[youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-VGkaqDxbY)

I watched this one last night, and but I didn't have any real thoughts on it so I let them brew... while watching, I kept getting the idea that enoch/metatron sounds to me like cupid. to understand I need to back up to the YHVH episode, because I think it's the same thing happening here.

YHVH for me represents the reflection for consciousness to focus back out into the cosmos and for humankind to see itself as a reflection of the cosmos (the all), and the cosmos of us. before YHVH showed up, there were gods and spirits everywhere, and these focused us in a way to look at the reasons, causes, and material explanation for the things that we see. having a myriad of externalised gods was our descent into materialism, because we saw all of these rituals, gods, and beings as having control over the flow of time and the unfolding of events. time relies on space and space relies on time, so the materialistic perspective of manifestation of reality relies on both time and space, and these were all controlled by things *outside* of us.

YHVH came on to the scene as this monothiestic new way of looking at it. from a symbolic (or heb X) perspective, we can relate jupiter with the bull, and saturn with the goat. then, the trek back up to understanding and gaining control things from a temporal perspective is symbolised by the aries, fish, and then waterman perspectives. the reason why this is important is because a temporal perspective puts you in the centre of your universe -- your timeline, and so now everything becomes a reflection of your own concepts (within the spatial environment).

it's these refelections that metatron, YHVH and *all* aspects of our manifested experience become. we're simply looking at energy that has qualities associated with it, that then turns into visual ideas. so, if someone had the ability to fly, they appeared with wings (cause that's how the brain interprets it), or -- if they saw someone as particularly hard-headed and unyielding, they may appear as a bull (or whatever the channeler associates visully with the concept they're experiencing with those energetic things).

the way that I see these different angelic realms is something of an organism. I think it's a real thing and it really exists, but it's almost certainly at a higher frequency, so then these concepts are translated into things that are understandable by the translator. a good example of this is all the medical knowledge the egyptians had, but it's related in a way which is incomprehensible to us. clearly, they were looking into the brain psychically, and then the knowledge of the oil in the brain moving around turns into the eye of horus and things like that.

I'm not visual, so when I look at things. I don't get distracted by the visual interpretation of the thing, thinking the initial image to be the way it is, and instead have to keep looking at the idea until I've seen the idea from more than one angle[^1] -- and then once I've begun to grasp the concept from many of its different aspects, then the pure, untainted by visuals idea starts to become clear to me.

in just the same way, I believe our *interpretation* of YHVH has transformed over the years; and, each time we've given up on its visual/physical appearance, we've allowed ourselves to grasp the attributes of the abstrac form from another angle.

to further explain YHVH a little better, I can't explain why I think this or where I got the idea from, but I belive that the latest manifestation of YHVH is actually present in the antarctic colony. YHVH in this sense is a reflection of our own ideas of what a supremely powerful ruler would behave like. for most of us, it simply doesn't matter, because YHVH isn't actually hindering anything we want. so, for example -- if I were to be trying to manipulate and control everyone, YHVH would be interacting with me in a way that's reflecting me own concepts expressed outward (hence the perception of oppression), and so any aspect that I'm prejecting outward into time or space, my world reflects that. I'm obviously not alone in the world, so we each are all particles absorbing and retransmitting those same concepts outward, aplifying eachothers' vibrations, until they come to manifest.

the next thing that you mentioned in the enoch episode there is tha he's a little YHVH, and the way that I interpret that is that if YHVH is the present most oppressive force active in this world (as a vibrational reflection of our own concepts), -- the power structures of this world exist and continue as a reflection of the concepts expressed as our perception of power (like giant thrones and lots of glory), and these power structures continue for as long as we perceive that as the stuff we cannot have because we're not good enough. well, from time to time, we eventually decide that we are actually good enough to have some new aspect of physicality, meaning that the present power reflection has to be dismantled and another one installed. it seems to me that this enoch guy is probably the thing that enables that.

that manifestation of enoch/cupid could be anyone that finally figures out how to desire the next thing by perceiving themselves as good enough (deserved) to get a reflection of their own mind manifested into physicality (which, btw I think nathan did that summonling zevi)

[1]: an angle on an idea is different than the angle of an object -- separate things. you can think of, if you're looking at a face, the angle of the idea beign the emotion of the face -- or, if you're looking at a solid and abstract object like a cube, the angle of the idea are all of the different aspects of the cube -- and those aspects relate to other concepts, like a 90(degrees) cube corner angle (looking from the inside) has different aspects than the same one looking from the outside. meanwhile, they look visually different too, if I move the angle along the edge, again, this is a propery that a lot of ideas have where two flat ideas come to a point -- etc, but visually it just looks like two planes joining. the concept of what it feels like for two perfectly flat things to meet perfectly in a line is a whole different (quite a opening or revelating feeling), compared to *just* an edge :)

### 2023-03-16 14:31 - conjuring and timelines

@[youtube](https://youtu.be/QQt5DQP_UqQ?t=391)

in the episode on sabbatai zevi (which I haven't completed yet), I noticed nathan has conjured zevi. this happens to me all the time, myself. I mentioned it [talking with my father](/metal-lucifer.md#2023-03-14-1236---contemplating-gambling-shoot-that-ship-down-fighting-just-to-win), because what happens is, these people seemingly appear out of nowhere. I've often wondered if there was a way to track all people, did they seemingly appear out of nowhere, or did I simply move my consciousness to another timeline where this person I conjured is right where I can meet them (like zaryn for tuenti).

I'll explain this from the perspective of cupid, but since fear is negative desire (desire for something unwanted/bad-feeling instead of wanted/good-feeling), we can see that desire in the shape of fear summons just the same (mainstream news and the "illuminati" know this), and so we're constantly living in a world reflective of our desire, but we're usually not feeling like we're good enough or unworthy (not-good-enoughness), so we instead hold ourselves in the power structure which prevents us from manifesting that desire as reality. therefore, when we use art, music, and literature to express our inner desires, we actually create these realities.

the reason why I think so many literary works are simply missing or non-existant is because we're present in a timeline that those literary/artistic works are incompatible with. as such, because all time is experienced at the same time ("the Old Ones were, the Old Ones are, the Old ones shall be; not in the spaces we know, but between them."),

> "when all the moreso when the content of these volumes contain secrets, esoteric speculations, or *occult rituals* meant to reach well beyond beyond human perception; their authors long mouldering in the earth before they even reach our hands"

therefore then, we can tune to these works (and the past lives, memories, desires, aspirations, and ambitions) of these authors and ttheir volumes, both fictional, non-existant, extent, and present.

### 2023-04-01 03:57 - lilote

I decided I'd rathar to write than to sleep because it's on my mind. I spent a good amount of time learning sumerian cuneiform because I wanted to look up the sumerian word for -lil. turns out it's somewhat complicated, and it's pretty clear to me that even the academics don't even really know what it means. you said that akkadian and sumerian didn't have connections, but I'm convinced the word which got translated as "night" got imported from sumerian.

my intuition was that lil just means a body that's projected down from a concept, and at this point I'm pretty satisfied with that -- so, let me explain.

I subscribe to the idea that there is a world of forms and ideas, much like plato does, however I feel that plato's version is somewhat innacurate and lacking, so I'll explain. a concept is a vibration. all vibrations harmonise with other vibrations, and within a finer medium (which is also a vibration), vibrations that are harmonious will become more similar. likewise, dissonant ones will separate. so while plato gives the impression that concepts are perfect and unchanging, that property is only an illusion. you tune to a concept based on a vibration, and that which is similar to what you tune to, doesn't change (because that's what you're tuned to). to take a modern example, you wouldn't want the radio station moving its broadcast frequency on you, but you do want to hear different music on the station and not just a constant tone.

all receivers in harmony with the concept are getting an *imperfect* reception of the signal, so never will anything be exactly a perfect replica of the original signal (because to do that, you'd have to have infinitely small sample sizes or for analogue, no signal distortion). therefore, each concept can be looked at something like spectroscopy in that there are frequency bands where the concepts both emit and absorb -- or, if the emission is nearly the same as the absorption, then it looks like a reflector. therefore, the concept itself defines its own borders by defining what it wants to absorb and transmit. your most basic concept/lil projected down into physical is an atom, and it behaves just as the concept for that atom has defined it to behave.

much more complex concepts can and do exist though. I believe that solomon's demons, most of the gods recorded by the sumerians and such (perhaps even the entirety of this galaxy, but that's another discussion for another day), are projections of concepts down intto the physical plane.

to explain what I mean, let me first back up to look at the "soul". the soul is also a vibration, and that vibration contains a conceptual form of yourself, but that conceptual form also has knowledge of desire (which is all of the stuff that didn't work), so the soul is actually looking from a 2nd ray perspective. most of these gods and demons do not have any desire of their own, and are simply the sustained (by our focus) vibration of our original intention or focus (which is the origin of magic). inotherwords, the way that we *feel* and the concepts that we perceive as real during really intense emotional moments (like sex, dread, or even a ritual) will "program" these concepts, and they, like atoms will continue on for so long as they have a sustaining signal.

for all stable isotopes, the galaxy is the source of that signal that keeps the physical instatiation of that concept alive, and all instantiations are all slightly different imperfect/partial (cause in 3d you can't perceive somthing in its entirety) representations of the concept as a whole. so any concept that anyone instantiates, whether it's a language, or a idea like socialism, or an animal species, the concept continues to exist and transforms as people interact with it. english as a concept today is much different than it was 400ya -- yet because there's enough similarity, there are still parts that are resonant/understandable. same with math formulas, theorems, and all things scientific.

when something is just an idea, like a math formula, it does not have a physical representation of itself. so for example, you cannot instantiate subtraction into physical form. you can use subtraction in physical and conceptual, but it remains a non-physical concept, just like your "soul" does. subtraction is a 3rd ray symbol and does not go any higher than that, because subtraction does not have desire to become anything more (or less :)) than what it already is; you do, however, and so so because you have desires to become more, the symbolic equivalent of you is 2nd ray.

desire is not exactly material at all. what I mean by that is that desire is a vibration, exactly like a concept -- and so just the same way that you can add two sounds together, you can desire to add another sound into your soul. your soul has symbolic aspects to them, but they're only apparent, because you're always in motion -- you're more like a concept than a pure function which doesn't change. for example, you cannot make a symbol that is *both* addition and subtraction at the same time -- or I mean I guess you could but you'd end up with nothing. so maybe I should say, you can't be addition and then add on another addition because no matter how many times you perform the addition operation, you still get the same thing -- doing it more than once isn't changing the function any so it's still the same. things that stay the same are operations/symbols/archetypes and they exist as a definition of theirselves (man, it's really hard to explain what 3rd ray looks like). so souls are definitely 2nd ray... anyway...

it is possible, (I'm sure) to gain conscious capacity to project down into physical (5th and lower) from a 2nd ray perspective -- but it's not like you would imagine it to be. when I look at myself from the 2nd ray perspective, all things are a reflection of my current form of perception. so, for example, the predicament that I'm presently in is the perfect place for me to be in to be able to write this because I'm learning right now while typing this. mr. motor is a perfect reflection of what I belive he'll get upset about, and all things are playing out such that I can *become* -- that is, feel the way some new way about myself. I'm not sure what it is yet, as I'm only just beginning. you all are in similar trajectories, and so because we harmonise... let me say it differently: I'm tuned in to POWER 106 and I'm listening to a song, and you guys are the composers of the music that I'm listening to, and so obviously because I'm listening to your music, you're present in my reality (the same is true for all of you).

so, because it's just me listening to music stations (essentially), then there's no risk. I'm fully capable of writing and doing all the things that I'm doing right now because there's no consequences, because it's like perceiving consequences to listening to the radio station. if something comes on that I don't like I just switch to something that I do like. let's say that I "die" for whatever reason -- well, then I just replay the same thing. I can't do anything to save anyone of you, and you can't really do anything but give me ideas of new stations to listen to. we all will just keep listening to the same music that we like over and over again until we decide to move on to something new. more like that.

I'm going to quit now... 2nd ray perspective is even more difficult to explain in english than demons and lils (lol). maybe, I'll try again later when I think of a better way to put it. in summary: lils, are like really complex atoms. they can be ghosts (in the astral) or even physical. you're not a lil, and neither am I. we're consciously evolving and changing our music tastes all the time by tuning to others like us and lils alike.

### 2023-04-01 14:50 - lady anne conway

@[youtube](https://youtu.be/Cay60cnwPdQ)

the entire time that I'm listening to this, your description of lady anne conway is reminding me of patricia -- so I guess these thoughts are dedicated to her as well :)

the major problem that I see with anne here is that she's a total hypocrite. her philosophy has all these great, infinite, and fractal properties that her thought mirrors in quality, but in *physicality* and practicality, it all falls apart. she's in greater and greater agony in with her headaches because there is (obviously) something inside of her own head that is contradicting her own thoughts and philosophies. to illustrate this, it seemed to me that patricia had this idea that she needed to prove her probabilites and things as reliable, when the very nature of probabilities is that they're not reliable; you can't ever really get a 100% probability on anything meaningful, because there's always an element of uncertainty or doubt. so, the thing she wanted was certainty, and she's trying to find it in a system of uncertainty -- obviously impossible.

likewise, lady anne here is trying to find a way to make her life have this infinite improvement of this adam kadmon (which I wrote last night about as the "soul"). however she can't ever really get to the idea of infinite improvement herself because her "divine" is static and unchanging (like addition). in my terminology, she's defined the divine as 3rd ray and the christ as 2nd ray -- completely isolating the desire aspect of things. clearly, with her headaches, she desired to have some sort of relief, but how does one realise that desire? is it through willpower and thought or is it though feeling? she's all in her mind, because her mind produces logically "true" statements or particles (units), but has complettely neglected the very nature of improvement itself which is relative, meaning better or worse.

feeling cannot be quantified into a true/false, best/worst -- but can only be perceived in relation to another thing: better or worse, more simmilar or more dissimilar. there's nothing stable about that, and that's the brilliantness of it, because it's inifnite. you can *never* arrive to something being fully true/false or best/worst; there will always be a case where, in relation to something else, it's not the genreally accepted appearance. meaning, that sometimes even the devil in relative to other things can appear good or even desirable :)

this search for the constancy of her divine lead her in circles I belive because she could never ever find a set of conditions/conditions/ideas which are always true. the divine (as defined by her) is completely impossible tto find. her second error I believe, is that she positioned her adam kadmon christ as something outside of herself that's constantly improving -- and she, the limited dying human material machine never realised those improvements. it's a perspective issue because she was fightingg so hard against decarte's lifeless (unimproving) matter, she became the thing she was focused on and fighting against.

what she wanted to do is to find a way to see her world through the lens of the eyes of her christ -- however, it feels to me that she had resistance to that idea because now she's *REALLY done it* -- she's a female saviour, which has its own whole set of problems in itself because you can't save anyone else -- only yourself and it feels to me that she couldn't allow herself to see herself that way because she would be scared of her appearance: what others would think about her. I'll tell you why that is, because it's easy for me to see it now -- and it's because all of life is reflective -- and so if I see myself from the perspective of the adam kadmon, then what happens is, everyone else also starts to see me the way I see myself too -- and we have lots of rules about who can be an adam kadmon and who cannot.

if she were to actually take on the perspective of the adam kadmon that she was able to see, then people would also see her that way -- cept for the ones thatt won't allow theirselves to see her that way because they know about the rules or the probabilites of such a thing happening. they'll be resistant to see her how she sees herself, but eventually they'll come around to allow her to see herself anyway that she wants to see herselff.

### cupid the iron maiden
### thoth, god of magic :: accomplished through writing and narrative summoning
