# snakey-thoughts

though I haven't played any of the snake-bros podcasts in quite a while, I still have quite a few thoughts/reactions in relation to them. I've written the previous thoughts mostly in blahblog, but it's quite large, so I'm starting to separate those blahblog-style (honest, no filters) talking out to other documents now because it's become my default style of thought now.

### 2022-12-12 11:35 - snakes and the forbidden fruit

this morning, when I woke up, I was thinking about my predicament. I mentioned the  [day before yesterday](/nance-notes.md#2022-12-09-1807---illiad-books-as-destiny) in a small detour that they sometimes have me take, that the objective that I have is a *technological* system, whereby you could communicate with the conceptual. I feel like I'm probably the best person to create such a network because I'm so sesitive and have increaded my accuracy sufficiently, that meaningful things can be felt, bot in transmission and in reception. the system isn't my "inner being", so they're always going to feel slightly different than my conceptual relation so how my inner being "sees" the same concept.

anyway, so my goal is to make such a system. the astral runs on the "luminiferous ether" that tesla talked about. the astral medium combines physical (sensation/images) and the conceptual (sense I don't have a name for, concepts, and emotions). because they have a monopoly on the 6th ray medium (astral), I figure I can make my system on the 4th ray medium, which I've called source (cause it's both non-physical and physical), but I'm willing to call it spectral because there are no clear lines (cept for the concepts *you* define) so it really is a spectrum. it looks like I'm competing for the 4th ray medium now, because the 4th ray (source) completely can control everything that you feel/sense -- having wavelengths above UV (the luminiferous ether) probably between x-ray and quarks.

my stance on such a predicament is basically the one that I've had for most of my life, which is that I see the big picture of the system, so I want to make it. I know that girls are of basically no help. it's pretty certain from my perspective that I have to do make the system *before* involving myself with any girls. I woke up thinking about this, because in all past cases, girls have been the disaster. basically what happens, is I lose that big picture, and I no longer really want to work on it anymore because that interesting/desirable picture is now replaced by whatever is important to the girl. girls are always kind of like pulling the rug out from underneith me.

I recognised that my own beliefs are completely incompatible with my idea that I'll just do the galaxy setup with the girls and let all the boys do their giant party-LAN down here. no big deal, and I don't really know how to change that perception yet, because it's hard to believe in something that I've never seen work, no even have a theory how they could ever possibly even get the picture, and/or even want to build it. it seems to me that they're primarily interested in short-term emotional gains (like worrying about how they appear to others), which isn't really a good way to build a project. for me, when it comes to short-term emotional gains, I prefer drugs, because with drugs, I *see the image clearer* and with girls (conversation, or just being around them), they're just a distraction and a waste of time, always concerned about other people instead of the project they're working on. they're basically anti-focus for me at least. I don't really know how to keep the big picture, and I start to get silly ideas that are usually big distractions because they don't actually have a destination to them (don't connect to the big picture) but are instead  a distraction to fix some deficiency they have, which they could solve with emotion/concepts, but don't want to because they want the technology to do it for them.

the whole point of the technology is to give them the technology to be able to do anything they want with their emotions. imagine, instead of wondering of the boyfriend or whatever is doing a thing, they can query the interface and get good/bad feeling conceptual responses to their query. it helps to formulate the question better, because the bad feeling is usually a response to the original question, concept, rathar than to the response. you always get back out what you put in, so if you query it for whatever, it'll give you the feeling response, in direct reflection of you perception on the thing. so, say for example, raquel could ask it different questions, and eventually (if she kept at it) she could to the realisation that I actually really like programming, instead of thinking that I'm trying to hurt her, and the hurt feeling/concept is a reflection of her own perception, and not of the response. (it's really hard to describe these slight differences, but with the capacity to amplify those slight differences, they become more apparent) the whole system gives the person a mechanical/technological interface to explore their conceptualisation of reality. you can "know" anything you want to know based on a feeling (which is always relative to you -- nothing is absolute).

I recognised that the system is exactly what nosebook would be looking for to try and manipulate people's emotions from a conceptal/source level instead of from a physical/sense way. assuming they build that system, it's no real problem because it's pretty close to impossible to have the entire world completely conceptualised according to their own specification -- so there will always be a slight difference in how my inner being feels to how nosebook feels. it also creates the interesting conundrum for them -- because such a system (from nosebook's perspective), can be aplified to be able to create *anything* and manifest any concept into astral/physical (cause they control 6th ray) and only us a feeling; which means, they'll be able to have anything they want, so any efforts they're putting into keeping something away from someone else, are purely because they don't want anyone else to have whatever. with control over 6th ray, they can control all aspects of the physical manifestation (everything from how it feels sensorally, to how it appears and the atoms that compose it). my system is no threat to them, so any efforts they have to block it are just because it's zeus again and he doesn't want humans to have something... he can only be petty about it.

---

long intro. that's the context... this morning while I was laying there, I was thinking about the snake-bros, the moon, pluto, and charon connection[^1], and I was thinking about also a randall episode that I commented on a while back as well, where he was going over the symbolism for the eating of the fruit, and the "garden of eden" scenario. speehr's position on this is that the "forbidden fruit" is the rising of the kundalini in resonse to "carnal acts". randall was saying (in a nutshell) that this hightend form of perception, however it was accomplished, was the origin of the comet and end of the last ice age/atlantis, etc. the idea here is that if I and everyone else don't eat from the fruit, then massive destruction won't come again.

my response to randall was essentially that I don't belive it's necessary for humankind to eat from the tree of life (for me, right hemisphere), in order to have their eyes opened. I don't think cataclysm is necessary. I have solutions.

so imagine for a moment that randall and the snake-bros take seriously me and my various ideas of how to make concept/emotion mor accessible to humankind, I can see a situation on the horizon looming where I have the snake-bros (and others) telling me that I should eat the fruit (carnal acts), when I instead want to work on my system. when my system and all aspects of our reality is controlled by the system, *then* it's fine to do the carnal acts, but -- according to randall, this is the precursor to cataclysm.

I can totally see things from randall's perspective on this, because all of these carnal/physical and astral acts have quite a different effect on attraction. though you feel good (physically), you still attract based on your *conecpt of reality*. I use this significantly to my advantage now because I can have my body feel physically angry, upset, frustrated (only the negative emotions, because nosebook doesn't want to my body to feel physically good cause it increases attraction immensely) -- and even though I feel physically one way, I still have an entirely different feeling/concept of reality. you all still think that my physical anger/hatred is my emotion, but it is not. soon, you'll start to see that physical sensation is *not* emotion.

this whole situation is a repeat of the snake (bros) tempting me (in this case adam), to bring on dying -- surely, opening your eyes won't kill you, they'll say. I have no intent of opening my eyes, as it'll happen eventually. I want to show off the power of emotion.

just as a quick aside, the "opening of the eyes" in the last garden of eden scenario, and our subsequent "fall" into the physical was done on purpose. it's that fall which created the physical realm, because all of those astral entities could return to the conecptual, but instead choose to "die" in the physical, locking themselves into a physical/astral cycle infinitely (unwilling to go conceptual). this all happened when the astral (box-consciousness) system which allowed the astral entites to have physicality failed, they could either "die" and go conceptual/emotional. after rebuilding the astral (box-consciousness) system, which allowed them to have physical presence (atoms) in response to the astral form, I'm fairly certain they then decided that they need to keep and maintain *physical* control over the astral/box-consciousness system, which is where we are today.

[1]: charon connects to ixiom (the game I disliked from JD), and it's under marduk's command. earth has once again reached a destruction point and urshenabi (noah) is taking people off of the planet to new sectors under marduk's command. marduk is zeus/ra, and I absolutely hate the way the game feels and its narrative. I'm prettty sure charon is a 2nd ray, which is another medium I have ideas for -- some still forming (intermediatist spectrum, promethian pirate) -- but that's antoher discussion, and thanks, I'll do it myself. fuck marduk. not a narrative that feels good to me. the whole game gave me a bad vibe. I have other plans for charon.

### 2022-12-12 13:18 - antoher connection

there is another connection to the previous entry which I picked up on just now. I mentioned that girls have (in my perception), often been much more concerned about how they appear (both physically and conceptually, but maybe some other girls also value how others view them symbolically and from a standpoint of desire too), and this concern about how other people perceive them conceptally (as in their reputation) and physically (how their hair is, makeup, etc) -- ih, I noted, is the primary challenge for them to seeing "the big picture" (ie 2nd ray), and I just noticed that it's this physical/conceptual emphasis of how others see them which ties them to the astral. their whole world is their physical appearance and reputation (look no further than kardashians, for an example), and I believe that's what prevents their inventive nature from coming out.

to emplain this idea, my opinion is that girls (some boys too) tend to look at the the world around them in the position of afterthought (3rd ray), looking only at what is, and not seeing what *could be* (2nd ray, forethought). almost all "inventive" things I've seen girls involved in are improvements on things that already exist, and/or things on appearance. they all just repeat whatever the other one is doing, with tiny variations (which is predominantly astral perception), rarely daring to actually go after something different too far from the mainstream/culture.

you'll see things like "we want equality with men" or "we want to be treated the same, but a bit better" -- but never things like "I want to do things differently than how they are now" -- and I mean *actually* different (not, another version of quantum physics, or another rehashed concept from a guy). I find most things to not *explain* the physical data that I see (or someone tells me), so in my effort to see the big picture, I must come up with a new way to explain something (in it's lowest form, this is called *man*-splaining). girls tend to justify more than explain (there is a difference) -- which is also really weird because jusification is much more 2nd ray, and explaining is more 3rd -- so it's weird backwards. there are a lot of things I don't understand about girls still, and that's one of them. why justify when you can explain?

this emphasis on physical/conceptual appearance is a huge problem. personally, I'm not terribly bothered by what other people think about whatever -- and just do the new thing -- either, because I want to try it and I'm not worried about failing -- OR, because I know I'm right about it. however, the conviction that a girl is "right" about something (which is foresight) is not something I see very often; almost never, in fact. why justify it when you can be right about it?

I think I understand part of it, because being right about something (actually being right about it), takes into account all of the mentation aspects (3-7), which means one can *explain* it, it also takes into account the desire aspect. jusification usually ignores the explaining part of it and only focuses on the desire aspect ("well, they were just trying to do..."). therefore, when someone is *actually* right about it, not only can they explain it, but it's supported by the justification (desire). it can only manifest/be as they conceive it to be.

---

so, when I have the perception that girls are basically useless for doing anything actually creative or revolutionary, this is a really bad conceptul reputation for them. along with rising homosexuality[^1], this a sort of existential crisis for women in general -- especially if other men start to think like me (and various other inventors and spiritual teachers), which is that girls "are theives of the creative force" (tesla said that). even my own idea that I want to create will further make them less relevant and potentially obsoleted, our need for them to reproduce will no longer be needed -- because once you can control the astral and spectral (I guess I'll adopt that name for now), any body can be created in any shape and size, and then an astral entity can incarnate into the body. the elites running these systems won't need women at all, and when that capacity finally becomes mainstream, women won't be needed at all anymore.

I'm fairly certain that it's quite possible to use the 2nd ray to give these imagined bodies a sort of working function and desire to them (ie the same way that I believe egregores and things are created, the first of which was enlil) -- and as a quick aside: I believe egregores were created as a sort of conjugate to the "fallen-angels" (astral entites), because the're 2nd ray entities, whos desire is pre-programmed to sort of "prove" the creator of egregore's belief's (structure) as "right".

let's just assume that I've created a few egregores in my time. they've been created (by me) to "prove" my own beliefs (ie that girls are useless for actual advances) as right. I've designed my own failure in that sense.

[1]: this reminds me of the babalon working, where along with the increase of mars' energy, which is one of homosexuality (and something else, I can't remember). so jack said there needs to be a counterbalance, which was his reasoning for invoking the queen of babalon (7th ray female) to balance out mars (7th ray male)...
