# understanding-mediums-ideas

in this document, I'm formulating ides for "understanding-mediums" which will consolidate those ideas. then, I want to condense that work further into another one. however, first things first... these are just random ideas that come to me.

### 2022-12-07 14:36 - we need to get back to the conceptual scale

this idea originally was from abramham and it has 22 layers of emotional ranges, but because they have a perceived midpoint with some as "better" than others, this was disheartening to some people because it implied that they were singular in their emotional ranges, with most people having large ... exceptions -- for certain things, people, and situations.

another way to look at the emotional scale is to no longer have a perceived "order" of greater or lesser to any one of them. you can imagine in certain zones, people and situations, certain concepts are essentially unavailable to you (I can't feel any fear around this person), and let's instead imagine clouds where certain concepts can arrive. at the very least, we'll have 22 clouds to start with, and we can give them super sales sounding names too... it'll start to become hip to make your own clouds of concepts which concepts can either positively or negatively appear (as something you fear, hate, detest, etc.) because it dosen't matter if it's positive or negative, if I'm in "I need this thing from someone", it's a potential/plausible jump to "I'll take what I can get" (as an example). those emotions don't appear on the emotional scale, so instead, we want to think of them as conceptual clouds with like tons of spinning and orbiting concepts. it's an extension to 5d. I feel inspired by lev, so take it what you will.

once we begin to look at our auras as a transmission and reception mechanism, is that it's pretty easy to see that someone on one of these mediums will create a language where people can opt-in to sending and receiving in this "feeling" language. you can imagine that it'll become very different from english and more like dance. you'll understand as we get close. from my pershpective, who cares about the encrypters, I wanna go a different route than them, and the nice thing is their encryption doesn't work without such "hostile" entities such as ourselves in their presence. we're the reason they "need" such an encryption, which means they have to maintain the system, lol... talk about not having to do anything to create a new medium. that process here, is the message.

---

you can imagine that once we begin to imagine visualisations for this data (and this data lives external to the mind, so the connection to the physical identification and regognition of concepts), those visualisations will also aid in the conversation of two people that do not neceassarily speak the same language, but they can "feel" each other in a comprehensible way. these cloudss of "like" concepts, meaning it's pretty easy to jump around between concepts in the cloud (for depression, I'm sure there are close to uncountable concepcts that can be arrived to from depression), and one can imagine that we'll begin to arrive at logic between how these interactions happen. with that logic, we can navigate our emotional experiences potentially visually and most definitely body tactile.

we'll actually "understand" each other from an emotional perspective much better. you can imagine how many new connections this will make in the brain, as, like I mentioned, newborns in their first awake experience can expehience a set of frequencies to prepare for a sort of preinstalled understanding -- which are the adaptations that you have made to another person's feeling. this is three signals, so we can do an arrangement I don't know how to explain in english of the triads to program the newborn with preprogrammed "understanding" of certain emotions and conceptuaal space. I'm sure many will exploit this space by making conceptual illusions (amplifying the good parts and dampening the bad feeling ones which is gained by the legacies). this is fine, because I know that no matter how much nosebook messes with my emotion, that isn't the emotion. the emotion is a concept as simple as something like "I deserve this" -- you know, one of those things in those clouds. from that perspective, I don't really mind nosebook being so all over the place with my "emotions", because that's how I learned this in the first place, so nosbook will be doing them the favour of teaching them that the way their body feels is not the concept that prodces tht feeling. if the conecept you think it is feels like comes from someone, it pretty surely does, even if they feign not having that emotion. when it comes to how you feel other people, you're pretty much always right, as all the rest of us are.

### 2022-12-07 15:15 - I'm going to go receive an idea.

brb.

### power structures are mediums
