# up-your-allie

### 2023-01-15 04:28 - hi

so, I was outside smoking and thinking about my audience a bit in response to some reactions. I was explaining that I definitely do *not* want to make any life-changing[^2] decisions, while I'm stoned. the reason ...  anyway, the "reason" why I find that strange is the same "reason"[^1] I wanted to write "life-changing" is the "reason" I came in to write this -- meaning they are of the same intuition.

anyway, the "reason" why I'm writing this is to tell the story of how I realised that the audience kinda still likes a goofy guy in a shed smoking and exploring life. I'm really a pleasant alternative to a lot of other (media type) things they can consume instead, I guess; anyway, that was the reaction. I doint think they're really ready to see a guy around a bunch of girls, I would assume. I'm not really sure. anyway, I'm not really one to think so much about how others perceive me, so I was wondering where that thought came from :)
therefore, to jump right in on the action, I decided to start off strong with the predefinition of the concept up-your-allie -- which will instead be this rambling monologue. your welcome.
this is how I deal with problems of perception; which is head-on: I just jump right in to the worst possible perception, and then work my way up.

[1]: "reason" is a fealing sequence of justification concepts that I have as a prefix to a concept. often times I enumerate at least a few when writing before beginning to write the concept

[2]: I'm really bothered by the fact that I really wanted to write "life-changing" instead of "life changing" because, as a concept, "life-changing" can mean something entirely arbitrary.

#### 2023-01-15 04:52 - continuing on...

so, what I was saying is that I'm kinda on a really chill vibe right, so I was thinking we should keep it that way.

### 2023-01-15 05:05 - what would helena do?

what's happening is obvious. I'm exactly reflecting you back to you. I think the actors figured out how to manipulate me, like they manipulate girls. yesterday, I also noticed myself starting to act like sara[^1], too -- which was anyway -- I'm the reflector. I'm a near perfect reflector because I have such little resistance. that means whatever energy you have going on, I'll be behaving like both an amplifier of it (in my behaviour) and also in how I react to the emotional/conceptual output of those around me. I'm quite sensitive, and quite loud.

so here's the thing that I was thinking... your feeling (the way I felt during the reaction above), was that of not good enough. like everything is a joke on me. helena has a similar feeling, but it's not quite 100% the same. either way, the concept is similar in that it's also not-good-enoughness seen from a different angle though. if I'm the running joke or I'm the reason why everything is always going wrong, then I'm "not good enough" for whomever is the top guy in charge. the way that I get around this is I simply don't compete.

for me, the no compete came natural because I'm in spain with all these hot shots, and I'm a cripple kid still. however, the no compete is much easier to get the hang of probably for someone quite physically capable is because I can never really truly win and be top dog. top dog is an illusion. there's *always* going to be someone faster/better/stronger/whatever than I am. top dog is an illusion, huh, OK so then why not just *convince* all my friends I'm top dog; rathar than actually having to perform, so I can instead ride on their illusion. competition turns into a pissing contest of illusions and fakery real quick. sales people love this cockwaving. I don't want any part of it. I don't have anything to prove to anyone; only to myself.

and even then, no longer needing to prove anything to anyone else, I can't ever really prove anything to myself either, because I'm already: always right. I don't need to prove that I'm always right; other people just see my rightness differently than I do.

[1]: I decided I'm just going to keep spelling it different, because I noticed today my concept of her is different than her physical instantiation of her and "Sarah" is a reference to that -- and also is very different (from both of our perspectives) to my concept of her.

### 2023-01-15 13:33 - analogue and digital

I wish I had've wrote before I smoked. I'm finding this pretty difficult, but anyway, I wanted to talk about some ideas. I'm pretty excited about doing some stuff. last night, in an inner monologue, I was thinking about how important it was for me to learn digital, because by default, my brain "gets" analogue -- as in, the concepts of tuning, resonance, and harmony all seem to come pretty natural to me. I didn't really study much of analogue, but certain things like the [metronomes sharing a medium video](TODO link veritassium video), left a strong impact on me. what I mean is, I don't think those concepts need to be *taught* in the school sense, but a few small demonstrations with musical instruments, dividing a string to see frequncy double, etc. serve as an intuitive launching pad.

on the other side of my brain is the digital side that I cultivated after my brain thing. I didn't really understand concepts until I understood programming languages as a sequence of instructions and jumps. you can take those sequences, copy them effortlessly, slightly alter them depending on its application and things like that. on the "backend" part of the project, data structures are created and stored in memory locations. on the "frontend" the sequence turns the data structures into something visible. that's basically how all programming works. there's some fun stuff to think about later like how to organise those data structures for optimal search, deletion, indexing, etc. (all operations that can be done). it's like really simple.

after that I was thinking about what I would use to do it, and I noticed it has to be a self-compiling program. after my brain thing, I learned how to program with "SpAsm" by a french guy named rene. I was explaining that it's extremely important to have a self-compiling language so improvements to the language can be used to improve the language. the other thing I really liked about it was the source is inside the executable, so the binary is always the same as the source. this is nice because the source is also assembler languagee, excepting any metadata (compile date, etc.), the sourte is always a more clear representation of the binary contained inside. inotherwords, the source inside is guaranteed go produce that binary. I really like that. I also really liked the interface to edit icons. he also had this really cool syntax where it was `DLL.function` for library routines, and again the DLL (dynamicly loaded library) just had to be sitting next to the program and too had its source inside. he used the PE (windows executable format) as a container to contain all things needed inside the program. windows memory-maps the executable on loading it, so it'll fetch that memory only when needed, so an PE can be 2GB (or more, I think in win64). it's just really good, and I liked it. modern programming has the source separate from the binary (cross compiling and stuff).

though we'll probably start on windows, the direction that I want to go is probably toward apple silicon, that way a single binary arcitecture is fully possible. we only need to support the ARM instructions that apple uses.

there are some interesting things about that symbolism. when I first used SpAsm, the icon was a giant purple and red dong. I liked purple and red and felt quite OK with the giant dong and clear innuendo, but he eventually wanted to change the icon. I started losing interest. at the very end, I totally lost interest when he changed the icon to a rose and called it RosAsm -- which I hated. I didn't get the toilet humour until just last night thinking about it. at any rate, it seems like I probably *don't* want to be working on windows and find apple to be a much more likely route to go. apple is interesting because let's say that you and me are like adam and eve... well, there's apple. lol. it's weird how my life has these symbols.

what I want to do is to recreate the SpAsm memory in my mind using a different instruction set (in this case apple's ARM archiecture) and do the same thing of having the source and everything inside on the executable container (on apple this is much easier to reason about, because the "app" is just a folder you can put stuff in, instead of a container with a section index). the thing I liked about rene's thing though is that his PE format was a list of sections (one for source (which is also divided into named sections), rw memory, ro memory, etc), and that was really nice because it was a single archive. in reality, all archives contain files/sections, so all I'm talking about is how the OS divides or keeps together the archive sections and the interface that is presented to the user (like icon is directly editable or it's a "file" that needs to be opened in the image editor)

I gatta tell you, I'm really excited about this. I was thinking about it this morning, and I was sticking you into my shoes some years ago. I'm zaryn, and I'm about to get you to go to another country and write the project that I want to build, so I'm kinda like pollix... huh... I [just noticed the symbols there](/hara-nots.md#2023-01-15-1413---are-they-castor-and-pollok) in that I'm doing the sweeping sweeping bertram off. derailed. brb.

### 2023-01-15 15:09 - the first step

I wasn't very clear about the apple silicon thing. from my perspective, if we're building off of an architecture, I'd want that architecture to persist in a state that is stable. the same is easily achivable on windows, which is probably where we'll start (more on that in a bit). the thing that I was saying is that I think that something like apple silicon would be what we're looking for. in fact, I imagine that as we continue to extend our language, it'll become more and more abstract, which is then time to make alternate implementations for the abstractions. I've been playing a lot of coi and the important thing I've noticed is that it's impossible to get step 2 into place, so I'm always working on step 1, which is constantly getting things ready for the big feature (step 2). when step 2 happens, for me it feels like a breath, and then I'm back in step 1 right away again. this is kinda how I approach life now, so when I'm talking about that (and almost everything else I'm going to brainstorm out in here) will be all step 2 stuff. I worry continuously about step 1 (getting things stable and ready for step 2). the actual construction takes only a little bit, but it's all the mining, moving of dirt and terrain prep that takes the majority of the time (rock piers and such). well, life is sorta the same way. there's a giant mountain somewhere and a giant ocean somewhere else, so let's make a rock pier. getting things ready is like 99.999% of the effort. so anyway.

I suppose we should probably start with SpAsm or RosAsm. we should obviously rename it to something else, clean up the code and start implementing our own abstactions as 2d pictoral thing (sorta like icons). each one is a function, and it has a pretty picture, an input interface at minimum, then some output interfaces. we're just going to start right away with the x64 assembler and work our way up. like I said, once the abstractions are built, we can either choose to rewrite simultaneously (kinda like the moving of the factory by making the addition in a next set of free space, then deleting the old installation, smoothe transition). that's what I want to do.

you can see how this will quickly turn into sequences of sequences, and also the icons will take on a life of their own in their appearance, because we'll want to make *at least* svg capable, but probably a whole secondry set of commands capable of doing complex animations and things (sorta like flash, but using sequences to animate the things).

the other thing that I was seeing as possible is that coi itself is written in .NET which certainly has a callable interface and ability to access the documentation, etc. so the idea is make a bunch of mods for coi and start there as well. they just use unity, and I know there are like TONS of ways to create models and stuff. then you make the first programs goals to be built a way to create unity assets with the new program which also does modeling or scene setup in just the right way, etc. that's probably the place to start.

it's just like in coi where initial conditions are not like super favourable. trees need to be cleared, dirt needs to be moved and everything needs to be flattened. all of that stuff is the getting ready for the next factory addition. we should probably just start on windows and move our way to making deals with arm chip manufacturers and stuff -- that stuff (according to greg) is like really hot and everyones massaging eachother's desires to produce faster and faster chips. it's such an enormous pissing contest, it sounds. I love it. so, we should just use what we got and work our way forward. also, I really like my touchscreen. the whole idea is to begin to interact with the program in a more rhyhmic way (cause that's how I think), and touchscreen is pretty important there, I'm sure of it. input interfaces I have a lot of thoughts on, but wish to talk about none of them now.

---

the origin of a lot of these ideas came from a long time ago, when I had recently gotten to colorado. mom's TV program featured a girl in a futuristic sorta scene working with all of these screens. I scoffed at the idea that in the future we'd be using a bunch of touchscreens, as I find their ergonomics to be inferior to a brain connection. the other thing is that I was convinced that we would work with controls inside of the eye, as it doesn't require body movement (less effort) to move it. I the girl was compelling, and so then the next days (week?) I thought about it and decided -- OK, let's make a world with a bunch of screens. simultaneous to that the whole experience of understanding the carbon atom and how it adjusts its colour, could make possible for very HD screens, all the way up to single molucule pixels. it seems that I really want to go the direction of screens.

the problem is that I still find the input to a touchscreen to be a bit too much effort to my liking. the context to this is that I wrote a program called "meaningful-chaos" and the idea of it is that it takes "random" (to our mind) input and then through some analysis of the random bits (this would encountered using a generative algorithm that does some calculations on some incoming bits, so these are also going to be those sequences I mentioned at the first). the importance of this is that since the sequence icons are human understandable, it's possible to modify the source for the sequence's analysis of the random to be more logical and/or interface with external devices. this, amongst other devices, I want to begin to use *physical* interactions (like the resistance of a resistor, which I beilieve can be modified mentally) to begin to serve as physical inputs to these sequences. the idea is that this whole system is as easy to input your garage door opener as it is to do really anything. I want to eventually become the new arduino.

also, if we think of those sequences as functions, all of a sudden songs can be a whole bunch of sequencs that modify the sound input or output in some way. the sequences could even create the melody, etc. the whole experience of arduino will be forever changed as well when the abstraction can output to more than one architecture. all things mechanised.

fast forward to today and I don't really thing that's what my goal


coi, windows start
no need for homo correctus (I want to teach how I see logic and programming. it's probably different than the "right" way)
- just noticed there (nance-notes) that programming is the new "warzone" where people are battling for the "right" way to do/program something, is.

### 2023-01-15 17:05 - follow the white rabbit

I told the bit about the girl and the screen because I thought it was important to understand what it means. screens and things *outside* of you is the 3d perspective. the 4d perspective is where the tools are perceived *inside* of you. I'm stuck in 3d. I don't really find it a problem, going so far as to call myself a captain-of-3d. therefore, as a result, I've tried to figure out how to make screens outside of me a thing that I would want to live in.

well, it's got to be feeling/emotional responsive to me and those around me. I want to not only *feel* the way I want to feel (it does this by muting everything else pretty much by making its own medium). I see myself as a giant medium upon which many aspects of society is built. I truly am the atlas of the third dimension. the entire world rests on my shoulders. it's quite possible they won't need me in the future, and that's just as I've planned it. like technology, I'm auto-obsolecing in that I'm designed to create a better version of myself, so by virtue of who I am, I obsolete myself. the first becomes the last, top the bottom, the superior the inferior -- the mantra of technology and of change. I embody 3d by continually obsoleting myself and rebuilding (phoenix), and that's what I do best.

what has happened is that my recovery time is improved so much that it's pretty much impossible for any bad thing to happen anymore. that means, instead of destruction, my "foes" will instead find my format to be obsolete from what they're doing -- and that's perfectly fine for me. I do not mind *one bit* that others have perceived more or better. I do not compare myself to anything. I am pure desire now, so I only have things I want to improve about myself in the 3d perspective. this, will now doubtedly lead to immortality, unless I make my transition into something else.

the girl there symbolically saying that she wants to live in a world where her tools are outside of her, means 3d -- it means you know, *reality* -- not the imagination. they're getting out of their heads, and in a sense joining me in 3d.

from the looks of it, it seems my destiny for that to happen, and the boys have arranged for theirselves the best possible conditions and setup that they could possibly get. I mean think about how awesome it is for the neophonecians and the flat earth. like comeon that's so freaking awesome. they get to do a real physical thing out there, even though right now it's only an image in their minds. it's like a reality attractor. I say, "hey, want this reality" and many see how awesome it is and say, "I want that for myself" and they find the easiest way they feel to get that *right now* they want their prize *right now* (agamemnon).

---

so here's the reality of it: I think the most optimal path forward is to align ourselves with the perspective of 3d. in 3d I am so much me, that everything out there is *not* me. the non-physical (conceptual) habitation of everything *not out there*, is "I" (material-I). we include all forms of conciousness that can recognise another clump of atoms (barrier defined by a concept) as other than ourselves.

the next phase of understanding (there may be more) is to recognise that all aspect of reality is a conceptual reflection of me. the atoms and bits are the "things" that I can interact with. with other "things" I have interfaces for interaction. I simply gain more interfaces, and those interfaces become a sort of second nature, concept or feeling. it's my goal to somehow make these concepts and their interface symbolically identifyable and manipulatable, as I think it could be cool to interact with my environment just like I interact with the digital world. I want to seemlessly connect to the conceptual using only 3d apparatus. I'll create abstractions for all of the other layers that I perceive, as well. I mean, if I'm gonna be in 3d *forever*, I'm going to want to make a lot of interfaces to other mediums, obviously. from a (I'm eternal) 3d perspective, the medium *is* the message (interface) between internal parts (like sound, light, heat, etc are all sub mediums/interfaces).

I imagine that 3d space will continue to expand as it has been for this last bit, but at some time, I believe that the continual addition of more and more interfaces, we will ourselves begin to create our own *meaningful* abstractions or layers on top of 3d space -- so not only will we have a meaningful interface to the 7/9/11 layers of perception, there may be more coming vertically, but horizontally to that, even the garden automation system becomes an integrated aspect of reality that will soon have other layers on top of it connecting it to weather intelligence and other (meaningful) layers.

I mean, there really is lots to think about. for me though, I just see this as a step by step process.

the thing that I noted as really imortant earlier is that if we're all sorta *becoming* 3d, then I think it's probably important to get our orientation right. 3d (as mentioned above) sees from the *individual* perspective, meaning all things are outside of me. what's inside me is also something else, but that's not important from the 3d perspective because that's "looking back". what's inside of me is what's behind me. I just keep looking out/forward; only ahead.

so, I think we should start there. let's start to approach all of this from the strictly individual perspective, each doing our own thing. the reaction earlier was all about just keeping to myself and staying single all the way up until our "merger" and becoming into 3d. you know, like we'll be "stuck" here in 3d, and from our perspective, there's a whole giant world out there on our "light side", as well. that's crazy -- I wonder how they'll see us. I wonder if 10bn years down the road, they'll still see us as a sort of saviour or not (lol). the "light side" and "dark side" -- I like it.

so, you know, times can eventaully change, but we should look at this entirely as a number of individuals all creating the thing that they love. I'm going to start with the RosAsm, I guess and start from there. I'm smoking my last ones now so I think I'll jump into starting to figure out how to make sequences.

there's quite a bit of laughter, but I'm serious about it. what I mean is, we are all literally going to be around for inevitably quite a while, so it doesn't matter at all how long it takes to get things setup, it's important that it flows. big abrupt or sudden times where too many things are waiting on each other, is when production (the build order) gets bogged down because the simultaneous resources aren't ready at the same time.

what I mean is, I'm approaching this thing *entirely* from a 3d perspective. nosebook can ensure I don't modify anything in any other medium, and we can be read-only to the rest of the universe; it's totally fine, as we're going to attract in our own 3d space by vibrating "things" -- some biologically and others mechanistically -- to bring things of similar vibration to it. the biological one is possible to skip I suppose, and I could only do machines. "things" are everything with a mass to it (some atoms that can be vibrated). anyway, more "things" can eventually be created, as even an atom is a conceptual program that has been instantiated with "energy" (sympathetic vibration) coming I believe from the galaxy. there's no reason to use atoms in the future, as I think the goal is to rewrite physical space to be an improvement on the material-I perspective.

### 2023-01-15 19:57 - the greatest trick ever

I was thinking about me having a perceived imperfection, and I liked having one. I could improve my body image, which would remoove the imperfection, but then I would be perceived without imperfection -- so what we played a pretty funny trick.

imagine for a moment that a group of girls assembled and had a suitable medium for me to transfer my consciousness into. I'll be able to appear and interact with them in 3d space, as manifestations of their expectation (real physical atoms). I don't have to look like I do now. it'd be kinda funny to even experiment with fractal body forms in the future...
the main idea is that I jump into the consciousness of a group of girls (I'll hide U song comes to mind), and within their appearance I'll manifest as one or many versions of me. we'll share space initially, but with time, we'll eventually fully combine into further super-structures of perception. then, here's the dramatic punchline: they still get kenny's body, so they can do whatever they want with their damaged kenny. I'm sure they'll make a wonderful "christ" -- meanwhile, I'm no longer there. I'm in an opposing side of girls now.
one group of girls will be the ones that I jump into and we become a medium -- of which I consieder will become the new establishment of 3d (everything inside, everything outside).
I and many others will be a perfect reflector, seeing the inside as "looking back".
we are "only forward" individuals.

I still get to retain my mark of imperfection, but only on the outside in the evolution of the organisation/medium that we will become.
what really happens is that I become a really good "insurance policy" because I'm the most stable thing, and we'll soon become far more stable than their own medium.
so, we're on the inside of their medium, and their medium uses us as a baseline or zero.
we're the new zero;
everything grows out of us.
(from my perspective, obviously -- from the opposite perspective, it looks like they're doing all the work/effort. they're the motor for reality -- keeping things going. dirty. oily. motor....)

it's going to be fun.
