# venturing-outward (deturtling effect)

### 2023-04-04 01:45 - going to madrid

today zaryn asked me if I wanted to go to madrid -- well, he didn't really ask, making sound more like an imperative choice that I need to make (lol). mom did this to me all the time when I was a kid, giving me the choice -- but I better choose the one that she wants :)

I have quite a few ideas on it, and to be quite frank about it, I don't necessarily feel *that* much resistance to it at this point -- as I *do* want to go to madrid at some point -- so it's just a question of when. I gave mom some ideas today when I talked to her (of which some I'll repeat), but obviously because I can't talk 100% plainly, I withheld a lot of information. here I can and will be unrestricted; which is the first thing that I don't want to give up. I really like how I am here, and would really like to see an amount of open conversation and plain talking before I venture too far out of my shell.

to explain what I mean, you have to understand that I really enjoy the freedom that I have here writing whatever I please. if I go out, I lose that freedom, and that's kind of not an improvement to my situation in any way. I suppose that I'll be able to still write and stuff, but I find it'll happen a lot less frequently, if at all. imagine for a moment how hard it is for me to get any alone time at all when I'm in madrid, how hard it'll be for me to, whenever I get an idea, just to go outside, sit in the sun a moment and then, after it's ruminated a bit, to go downstairs and write it; that's not going to happen in madrid, I can assure you.

looking at this now from the contrary position (as if I'm in madrid), now I can see that I've become a reflection of the people there, and so even when brainstorming I'll just be translating feelings and desires *of other people* into words and ideas. I do that already a lot here (where do you think all of my ideas come from? they come as a reaction to the general thought feelings that I have around me). when I'm here I get a pretty good signal; the shower better, but honestly when I'm in madrid, I won't really be getting either.

the power with which I feel the thouhts and ideas of those around me is actually my *number two concern* when it comes to anything girl-related, as well -- as I really like my own thoughts and ideas much more than I like other people's ideas, no matter how pretty the people or the ideas are. in the end, my ideas are the ones I like the most. I enjoy cultivating my ideas, as they're the ones that I like (pretty obvious, because I thought of them). the other major problem with this is that I'm a *highly* reflective person at this point, and so I will reflect any feeling anyone projects toward me back (usually) in a less resistant way -- which is really good, but it's going to be very intense (for all of us), as the feeling (for example) of just going to a bar and hanging out will be something like being in the middle of a futbal game or something (so much energy -- it'll cause certainly noticeable effects, as I will greatly amplify everyone in the area). again, not a bad thing, just I don't really feel like I'm all that stable, which brings me nicely to my next point.

that inttensity that I have right now will likely be considerably less (in some ways) after I have sex, because I'm sorta very similar to a virgin in the way that they're quite good amplifers. after that (again like a virgin), my energy will be considerably more tangible and not so etheric. what that means is my energy will feel a lot more like pleasure and a lot less like pure euphoria. the difference in that energy is something to consider because before then, my ideas will be much more "high flying" like they are now, where I see the pure concept, uninhibited and unrestricted. after that, my imagination will be much more activated with the energy of whatever my partner is more often able to notice in their imagination. again, I *really* like my own form of perception -- and so that makes this subject my *number one concern* when it comes to girls; I really *don't* want to see her how she sees herself -- and I really *don't* want to see my ideas through her perception either.

howvver, when I was talking to zaryn I was trying to find a stabilising force, and I suggested that perhaps ice man can join us so that I have some stability, but I'm strongly reconsidering that idea. the other idea that came into my head, was I was thinking maybe if I can get bea (from the canary islands) to come up, as I feel like she (or some other woman that I have some kind of relation with) would offer a lot more stability -- but then again, her presence will obviously change the tone of a lot of the conversations as well. though I haven't seen bea in over 14 years or so, the way that I feel her is what inclined me to make this comment (yes, I can feel people at a distance, even though I've not seen them in a while -- it's like I'm connected to you all in a lot of ways). I tried to find the feeling for patricia as the other option but I couldn't really find her feeling so well, as it feels to me like she's behind a shroud, something like the other high paying customers are, as well -- so I can't really comment on that -- and the inability to have that kind of feeling/telepathic communication with her negates the whole effort for support in the first place.

support, as you know, is a sort of feedback or relativity to something else; and, in general, I don't really have any sort of "support" in my life at all. I live in a world where everything is kept a secret from me and all things are to remain that way. it's obvious: if I don't have any relativity to anything else, I can be moved around in time pretty easily. from my perspective, it's a bit bizzare to see how much things change from morning to morning, btw. almost certainly you all don't really notice much of any change at all, but for me each new day is a dramatically different experience. if nosebook were to have to move around, not just me, but the entire group of us, I have no idea what the effects would be (and I doubt they do either). like, we'd probably all have to be sleeping at the same time so that we move around as a group -- and I don't know how comfortable you all are going to be with noseboys moving things around all the time while you sleep -- as I've sorta gotten used to it... (though, I might add thatt their manipulation of physical and temporal conditions is likely increasing all over the world, and so it's not too unlikely that we're all going to be moved around with increasing regularity -- welcome to my world, I guess...)

therfore, because I don't have any real support, and can never really have too much until I'm sexually involved with some others, I prefer to just keep at it on my own. I'm pretty good at how I do things, and I'd like to keep it that way for as long as possible.

---

I've been thinking about what's likely the subject of said encounter in madrid, and as best as I can tell, it's probably got something to do with some of my many ideas; or, at least that's what I *hope it's about*. I say that because on the way home today I was sitting by the river thinking about how I should probably go to madrid to self-sabotage. I'm pretty dissatisfied with my present circumstances, as this whole thing of having to keep everything a secret is really annoying.

to explain what I mean -- for example, just typing that sentence above about my dissatisfaction about having to interact with other people that want to keep me in the dark about everything resulted in a semi-strong feeling of negative emotion form one or more other people; imagine for a moment that I'm brainstorming on something and I need to bring up a concept that involves nosebook (because that's where almost all of my ideas come from) yet, for example I don't have data/statistics on what that idea is about so I say I don't have stats on the present predicament of some market or whatever, and now we have a conflict because I'll be able to "see" you all looking up whatever it is in your heads, and so I'll get a sense telepatically from you all what it is -- and so I'll say what you looked up, or call you out on it that you know and -- that will create more negative emotion which will escalate pretty quickly, probably into (at least) my left-side shaking violently as I can feel the rage in the room (ref: conversation with melissa & remi). obviously, this dramatically limits our ability to talk about anything implementation-related.

therefore, if we can't talk about anything implementation related, then I don't need to come to madrid; instead, you all need to learn how to communicate more effectively with me at a distance.

finally, I'd like to mention that the way I'm leaning now feels to me a lot like I want to just sorta keep it real here and stuff, as I just feel much more comfortable witth my progress now as it is. to explain in more detail: today is fire kenny's birthday, turning 23 -- and then I have 54 days, which neatly divides into three periods of 18 days where I've noticed that I go through dramatic changes mentally, and probably also physically as well. tim (nance) has started doing elizabeth barrett browning's poems in april (one per day), so he's 4 ahead -- but guess what: there are 54 of them... crazy, right? I've also discovered "pilgrim of tinker creek" which is a book that I really want to read. I also would really like to finish up henry 4 (part one and two), and a number of others...

speaking of which, tim left [a clue in one of his shorts](https://www.youtube.com/shorts/UAgJ_BPEmeY) about a future event I haven't got to in henry-4-2, where in it prince hal (who will become king) has to give up his relationship with falstaffe so that he can start to enter into his new leadership position. OK, let's just assume that this has some relevance in my life, and I'm harry/hotspurre here and zaryn and the madrid life is falstaffe: well, the events that happened in henry-4-1 haven't even happened yet, so going to falstaffe isn't even time yet (as they'd be *after* the war, not before) and I think glendower has to be born as well (though I'm not sure). however, I don't take narrative *too seriously...*, as I find it much easier to kind of just follow what I feel -- and like I said, I feel pretty dissatisfied witth my present situation and dissatisfaction will become greater dissatisfaction in the event that something manifests and therefore amplifies things.

in addition to that, the narrative bit is somewhat important to a lot of other people, as what I've learned is that I'm not the only one that's interested in understanding what I know -- and so as long as there's desire for me to keep writing and talking about this stuff (illustration of my ideas through narrative), then I'm happy doing this. I don't really find it of any need to try and rush anything out.

furthermore, you have to also understand the concept of *time resonances* -- which is, for example: the real actual histories of edward de vere, francis bacon, ben jonson, and christopher marlowe (among others) are having resonances on the present timeline we're experiencing now, *and* depeding on how we perceive the same fluctuations in our present will greatly determine if the ups and downs (in relation between the symbols) will yield wanted or unwanted. in addition to those time resonances having an effect on the present, so too will my timeline have a dramatic effect on future resonances, as well. for evidence of this, just look at the effect that the various johns, jonsons, roberts, edwards, and francises have had on history -- and almost certainly the majority of those are fueled from the collective works of their plays and sonnets.

it's pretty clear to me that the focus that we put into the "play" (or, if you want to call it a simulation or game, is fine too) is having dramatic effects on what quality of characters are summoned to interact with us. basially, I'm pretty sure that (from my perspective), zaryn was summoned by me, simply because I had a desire to make a social network -- and so, because I get my way, it happened -- and because a lot of art and theatre has put out various ideas of what those things should conform to, I conform to those symbols and then to my perception of them. for an example of this, look no further than rene decarte; he was clearly summoned by shakespere, and conforms to the symbols attributed to bertram (and other more subtle symbols). inotherwords, we're all creating the future we're going to be doomed to repeat.

from my perspective, I'm basically a raft floating on a giant ocean. I have no control over the ocean (and perhaps you all neither), and so my only job is to keep finding a way to stay facing upwards on top of the raging ocean by feeling the way I want to feel about whatever is happening around me. because I'm so good at it, I'm totally down to go full insanity mode, cause you guys will probably want some drama, a truly [tragic story](https://youtu.be/BihuYWnzrIQ?t=79) to give the resonance experience a little more colour (doesn't matter to me, as I'm obviously pretty good at this).

### 2023-04-04 14:13 - the simulation

yesterday, zaryn said that he wanted to talk to me about a the world being a sort of simulation. I have a lot of ideas on that (which I'll express most of them here), but there's a major flaw with his idea that we can *actually* have this conversation -- and that's the fact that almost all of the stuff that I'll talk about here including nosebook and the vaccine networks, are definitely a secret -- and so then, we can't actually have any meaningful conversation about it. if he wants me tto confirm their existence -- then I do experience both of them and can confirm them from my perspective. inevitably, he'll ask what can be done, and I'll explain to him that there are many power structures even higher than even those ones, and so *everything* is tracked, you have no secrets, or privacy -- and that the only way one can get around it, is to stop worrying about what information anyone else has on you and to start to feel the way that you want to feel... that's what I always say, so I would likely have a much more heated argument with them, because zaryn really gets bent out of shape when he feels powerless or that someone is superior to him (hence why he always has to prove he's top dog), so I didn't really want to engage in a conversation like the one where I had with becky the other day; he can figure it out on his own. he doesn't need/want me telling him what to do.

I'm the illuminati. sorry. it appears that most all of the power structures were designed by me before I jumped into kenny's body. I'm probably the origin of YHVH, as well. as best as I can tell, they're there to ensure that I don't have any kundalini rising, because I want to create a galaxy. I am convinced that all earth governments and power structures are now run by reflective entities that are something like zeus: they appear and behave how you would imagine an omnipotent or all-powerful (evil) being to behaave. what that means is that all people are all fighting theirselves at this point: all politicians are just mimicing/reflecting their lobbies. all aspects of government and power will be a *reflection* of their people. so, it's entirely up to you to feel the way that you want to feel, because they're (not going to change), always going to reflect their "subjects" -- or, perhaps better said: they'll change right along with you.

reflection is not based on *action*, but based on *feeling*. I can behave very poorly, shouting and harassing people with snide remarks, and feel pretty good at the same time, because my action is *not* how I really feel. what this amounts to, is that everyone is only interacting with their own perceptions -- because a person thatt is shouting and harassing people with snide remarks no longer bothers me anymore, meaning I can still feel good when others are doing it, so if I do it equally, I *too* can feel good about those same "bad" actions; it's not the action itself, but how you feel or conceptualise it.

so, strap in for the long haul... I'm reminded of a sonnet I just read (107):

    NOt mine owne feares,nor the prophetick ſoule,
    Of the wide world,dreaming on things to come,
    Can yet the leaſe of my true loue controule,
    Suppoſde as forfeit to a confin'd doome.
    The mortall Moone hath her eclipſe indur'de,
    And the ſad Augurs mock their owne preſage,
    Incertenties now crowne them-ſelues aſſur'de,
    And peace proclaimes Oliues of endleſſe age.
    Now with the drops of this moſt balmie time,
    My loue lookes freſh,and death to me ſubſcribes,
    Since ſpight of him Ile liue in this poore rime,
    While he inſults ore dull and ſpeachleſſe tribes.
      And thou in this ſhalt find thy monument,
      When tyrants creſts and tombs of braſſe are ſpent.

### 2023-04-04 14:40 - what I want to do

I've expressed in multiple places elsewhere that I want to work on genetics. I want to create a new species of humans that doesn't have visual capability (just like me). I also want to work on the ahn-roids, as well -- the two models I want to work on are going to be a visual and a non-visual model. I have a lot of reasons for why that is.

I've really been thinking about a lot of these different narrative pieces I've seen -- and for example, I identify with rose, not jack (I don't gamble), or for example I seem to align symbolically much closed with phil and zeus in the movie hercules -- or in the matrix, perhaps I'm more like trinity or morpheus than neo. I don't move fast and I don't doubt myself (that's what everyone else around me is doing). I'm basically all of your cheer-leaders. I like seeing other people doing well. in the case of the girls, it's the same thing: they're reflective beings (put your sweater on; I'm cold) so what's actually happening is they'r seeing me without a sweater on, and they're wanting me to have a girlfriend or another girl to have my affection, but they're the one that's cold and wants to put their sweater on (or wants that kind of affection). they're identifying what they want by looking at me. it's a common case of desire we call jealousy.

therefore, what's actually happening is, they and everyone else in this world is learning how to actually go toward what they want, instead of holding back others from what they want theirselves. there are no rules: it's a fully open "prison", and it's only our fighting against others that's holding ourselves back -- so, by allowing others to be/do/have something, you also allow yourself. the same applies to me.

yesterday, a boy threw his football over the fence. I threw it over for him and he looked me in the eyes. I don't have any difficulty telling or teaching any of the things that I know to other boys. let's say that a bunch of them want to find a bunch of girls/women that they can practise their capacity to feel the way they want to feel -- that's perfectly fine with me and I think they'll have fun wwith the practise. in the end, they'll be interacting with a mirror of theirselves and social/societal perception in action when they're interacting with these girls/women. I think it's a great idea, as I couldn't have *possibly* learned all of this if it weren't for raquel, patricia, and bea, all teaching me about their reflective nature. every single on of them pointed out theirs (and societies) own ill-perceived ideas about the world in me, claiming that I was the source of the problems (other men do this as well with me perceiving their own lust or desire in me for their daughter or to take advantage of them -- thinking, "this is how men are" (like me)). as I began to sort through all of that misidentification of myself, I learned *who I really am* -- and it's got nothing to do with how society sees me or how she sees herself. that's the real breakthrough that no teaching or narrative can ever give you.

the other thing is that I find the idea of thinking about ideas for things like bar and other things. I mean, I'm collecting enough ideas, that eventually enough desire will appear tto want to make them. for now, I'm just enjoying it all. bar taught me something really important the other day -- and that was during the casts, I just watch the game -- and if I turn off winter's sound, it's also easier for me to watch him. I critisise and want to exert my desires on anything that I'm seeing through their perspective (like thijs, winter, or marc), so it's better that I just sorta stay in 3rd person perspective and just keep giving out ideas and stuff. if I were to be looking at any project from a 1st person perspective (ownership or possession), then I tend to exert my will, instead of just observing -- meaning, it only happens when I feel like I can change it. I know that videos are prerecorded and stuff, but soon I'll be able to get my message to them through time and space (which I've already started to do), so it's best just to keep going on my own perspective.

I lose viewing my own perspective when I watch other people, so I'm going to be doing a whole lot of not watching other people, focusing more and more on my own creativity. I thought that I wanted to create my own AIs and stuff for bar, but in the end, I think I just want to make my own general system (eventually), cause otherwise I'm just watching others -- and it really feels like people don't like me watching them. I'm not anyone else other than myself, so I can't really influence how anyone else (cept myself) conducts theirself.

so, what I think is actually quite good is for others to *ask me questions* -- because I don't *really* read minds; I feel you; and, I'm learning that people (especially dudes) don't want me to tell them what I feel. sorry I'm so fearsome; you're only scared of perceiving yourself (and you think it's me you don't want to see). I still do the things I'm inspired to do (whether anyone likes it or not), so if you want to know something, just ask how I see and I'll probably be able to, on the spot tell you how I perceive it (though, it could take a week or longer for some more difficult to reach ideas).

### 2023-05-04 17:09 - getting greg to fix his problems -- is *the problem*

today I talked with mom at the doctor's office about her ideas of moving out. apparently it's happening pretty soon and stuff. as she's telling me about this, I noticed that I started to become pretty pessamistic about her ideas that greg will actually be doing the work. she wanted to know if I wanted to do dishes, and that's totally cool by me. I'll be just fine with doing all of the dishes and stuff, cause it's not actually that much more work from what I'm doing now.

the weird thing about the conversation is that I expressed pretty strongly my doubt that greg will actually do the work, as it seems to me (from my perspective anyway) that he resents having to do any sort of work (that's not his own) and finds it a pretty big nuisance. one day when we were talking, he was expressing his discontentment that I don't have any fire to do anything anymore, and that I just float around "driven by my emotions" -- and that's a fair assessment from his perspective. I tried to explain to him that I've given up trying to assert myself in any direction anymore, and just float around feeling good about my situation (whatever it is). I have things that I desire and then I just sorta go with the flow and somehow those things start tto take shape without having to assert/effort myself in the direction that I want to go.
I think that's precisely what's happening here, because if we look at the chain of events, there were quite a few interactions that I had with girls in a very short period of time, and so it's becoming obvious that I'm being pulled in that direction, even though there's effort to keep those interactions to a minimum. anyway, the way it looks/feels to me is that they're starting to take a look at the inevitable.
the first day that I went down to sesily's house (1 may, "may day") there I decided to read "Love freed from Ignorance and Folly" [a masque by ben jonson](http://hollowaypages.com/jonson1692love.htm). I'm reading the wikipedia page on it and the thing that caught my eye is that this was the *last* masque that anne of denmark performed in, and when I [read the wiki page on it](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Love_Freed_from_Ignorance_and_Folly), I read that it got delayed by a whole year. turns out, it was delayed from dec 1610 to 6 jan 1611 (twelfth night), then to 3 feb 1611. I wanted to read the masque because it felt relevant to me and I liked the idea of delaying a year.
so I'm reading along in the bus and I get to the part here:

    And they would, when he did rise,
    Do him early Sacrifice
    Of the rich, and purest Gum,
    That from any Plant could come;
    And would look at him as far
    As they could discern his Carr:
    Grieving that they might not ever
    See him; and when Night did sever
    Their Aspects, they sate and wept
    Till he came, and never slept:
    Insomuch, that at the length
    This their Fervor gat such strength,
    As they would a Journey prove,
    By the guard, and aid of Love.
    Hither to the farthest West:
    Where they heard, as in the East,
    He a Palace, no less bright,
    Had, to Feast in every Night
    With the Ocean, where he rested
    Safe, and in all state invested.
      I, that never left the side
      Of the Fair, became their Guide.

when I read the line "Till he came, and never slept" there was a sudden realisation that all of my talk about not wanting to have the kundalini rise because I want to sleep, are not just empty words.

the rest of the day was a train wreck of realisations that no matter what they try and do to prevent me from getting access to genetics, will ultimately fail because right now if a large solar flare happens and I get connected, I'll stop sleeping for a while; same with sex. me not sleeping is bad for them because while I'm sleeping they rearrange things so that I'm on the timeline where my energy is going to slowest, which they think they're doing for my sake, but I just keep going faster and faster (cause I have less resistance), and that's a good thing for them because the world starts to reflect how much resistance I have -- and so if they don't want too many people starting to become a bit more empowered, they're making that adjustment by modifying my energy levels (while I'm sleeping). if I don't sleep, then I'll just start to feel better and better and there's nothing they can do to stop it. they'll lose all control over the world, as it'll become a reflection of me.

I've explained that I know there are a lot of people out there that see the world in a way that's not compatible with my form of perception, and so I don't want to cause them problems and force them to live in a world that is how I want it to be, so I've tried to say that I want to find a way to make it physiologically impossible for my kundalini to rise, so I continue to be able to sleep, and they can keep lowering my energy down to the bottom every time I sleep. I find it fine and doesn't take me much time to get going now, so it's really no problem for me.
obviously, their reduction of my energy will only have so much effect, and even my lowest energy state will be comparable to how it would be now if my kundalini would rise. I'll likely need to sleep less and less, needing only brief rests to kinda reset (you only need as much sleep as it takes for vibration to slow down) -- so I'll need only as much sleep as I'm holding on to resistant vibration. it'll get less and less, which means that eventually there will be a split that *has* to occur.

therefore, what it appears to me that these are just events that are lining up them finally having to concede to allow me to modify my genetics for such a purpose (and I also want this trait to carry over into future copies of me as well), because it's starting to look more and more like me not sleeping for a very long time is becoming inevitable...

so, when I say that getting greg to do his part of the chores isn't really solving anything, but I just go with the flow here and itt seems that I behaved that way to cause it makes sense in the big-picture: I find it a lot easier mentally to live by myself just cooking for myself, and even greg saying that he really doesn't want to hang out with, or take care of (I forget the exact words) two lame/useless brothers.

I'm just writing this because I figured out why I intuitively had such strong skeptisism and doubt, and wanted to share the big-picture

#### 2023-05-05 11:41 - meta commentary

I felt compelled/requested to do a meta commentary on this last entry. I think it's a great idea. so, here we go...

> getting greg to fix his problems -- is a problem

think about that for a moment, then consider nearly the same idea:

> getting greg to fix his problems -- is *the problem*

I wrote the first one yesterday, and one of the funny reactions to this idea was around my whole concept of pushing against something only makes it bigger; I could see yesterday -- let me explain: I perceive people's feelings in response to words and actions very well. I sorta have a sense of how people feel when they're talking and the way they feel in response to the words or actions of others.
because I'm so sensitive I've had to no longer see problems because everyone else's worry and concern in their voice is really intense for me, so I have to see all the problems they have as not a problem. if I can feel someone else's probelems, I have a very strong negative reaction to them; so I've learned quickly to try and avoid feeling other people's problems.
  you know, it's very american, this idea of not wanting to feel other people's problems: we put ourselves into great lengths to avoid other people's nonsense. like, you know my time is valuable, so don't fill it with misery; I'm doin'it my own way.
I don't actually see greg's problems as a really big problem, but because mom loves to notice greg's problems, incites that energy and those conversations in me.
  it's an interestingg thing that I become the voice of many women, because they don't know how to communicate what they think, and because I'm perfectly fine with shooting my mouth off with a very out of colour comment somewhere; it get's people's attention and then like a lawyer, I weasel myself out of the situation, because I really don't have any malice in me. I enjoy the drama, myself; and I think it's funny.
so what happens is, because I'm bombarded by other people's feeling responses to everything, I have to learn tto not see anything in a negative way, because inevitably, I'm gonna do something offensive, because somehow I'm always obscene in some way. my personality has learned to love the idea of being a shock-jock; shock-jockkery didn't really come naturally to me, but because I'm sso attractive to everyone, it ends up happening so quickly. famous people know this -- because the more eyes I have on me, the more crazy nutty stuff they'll end up attracting. some people really inspire nutzo stuff and sometimes my brain kicks in and has to shuttit down because it's gonna be a problem. this happens to me all the time when I'm around other people and someone attraccts a reaction from me that is bewildering even to me at first, but only for a brief moment now (it used to feel like some feelings are too impxsibble to evver understand), and so (now!) I always figure it out, so it's totally not a problem -- so you know I just learn to laugh it off because deep down I'm really a super chill person (it's ***all*** attraction).

OK, what else can I say about it? you know, nothing's really coming to mind right now .

#### 2023-05-05 12:15 - an observation on firsts

I didn't realise that it wasn't obvious that if someone else roto-tills the ground, does it matter to me, because I just need the deep roots pulled up.
it feels ttoo me tthat she doesn't want me using power tools, and that's the real problem. whether she thinks I'm compentent or not is irrelevant because I'm not trying to prove myself, so if someone else does the tilling, I don't care one bit right -- and so I wonder if the way that I responded (actually I know) that was a reflection of otther's need to prove theirselves to eachother.
that's what makes me so much like a girl, in that I don't really know how to speak what's obvious to me, and it makes me feel repressed. what's that? "that" is when someone attracts an action or behaviour that I have no resistance to performing, even though I'm not *really* like that. if someone wants/fears something bad enough, I manifest it. I'm a very powerful reflection, so the people individually (and similar ones form groups), and the groups that emerge in my perception are what I "believe the *only* options are" -- and I arrange them into boxes wmere I czn onnly say "n categories exist in my reality" -- and things that don't fit into those category boxes, simply must be rethought of because I've pretty much got it all figured out -- and that concept of how evvery thing workssk: the-manual.
everyone loves the-manual, cause *everyone* deep down thinks they have it all figured out; no exceptions to the rule: if you''re human, then you've got it figured out.
sometimes though, I don't have it all figured out, so I have to rethink some things. it's OK to be "wrong" from time to time. me being "wrong", ony means that my the-manual doesn't actually explain everything the right way.
  this create's the binary, because there are those that can prove to you (in their paradigm) that you're the-manual is wrong aboout something; this is history.
my the-manual is pretty much blank because so much simply doesn't matter to me. I see everything in LOA terms, because for me it's *all* attraction; and in those terms, almost nothing matters. what matters is that I don't feel bad about things because those bad-feeling moments are really intense.
therefore, my the-manual has a line on the end of it that reads something like: "if it doesn't feel good, then it's not worth paying attention to." so, almost nothing really matters to me. the stuff that matters is the stuff that produces the bad-feeling stuff.
  you might wonder why I don't like to venture towardd good-feeling moments, and it's because I'm so easily trapped into the good-feeling of the moment, that I often don't feel any of the negative stuff as intensely, and I like to feel the negative stuuff, ttoo. if I get into their matrix, then everything is sorta minimised and overridden by the intensity of their perception matrix, I won't have as much freedom to my perceptions, because they've got a really limiting perception. by default, I'll take on all of their negative traits, and -- while itt's nevver any real difficulty to get backto who I really am, it is somewhat annoying tto get pulled in a different direction. I'm far too much of a control freak to want to be pulled every which way by whatever they've got going on. for me, it's a bumpy ride.

yea, who woulda thought that I'm such a control freak, right? the thing is, I'm so low resistance right now that having that control, is that not really having control is having control. if I get involved in something, I'll want it to go my way so much, it's kinda a problem.
  I notice this in myself all the time when I'm watching jaron play the game. the intensity that I feel them is very much like their source does, so I just want them to do things *my way*; it's a reflection of him, because he really wants things to go his way.
  tthe thing is that I'm still capable of manifesting that, so I have to constantly remind myself that it's not that I really need things to go my way, because they're all doin it their way.
    you know, I used to do that in tuenti. we had some really bad syntax because we had some really bad programmers. I used to be (before the putas) a very meticulous person, and my code just *had* to be a certain way. I have a consistent formatting that I adhere to, and it's hard for me to see it any other way.
    but, trust me: those guys could barely write PHP -- and I was this extremely mechanically minded guy.
      you can see my reemgence into a new kind of guy -- so like think of yourself something like tesla (where I could do these amazing calculations in my mind), but I couldn't go back to such a pristine place anymore, so I have to make a new mental space; that eventually turned into the brain haemorrhage (vallecas and others>) right, so eventually I ended up becoming who I am now. I've come to grips with my conceptual universe now because none of those feelings feel unknown or unknowable: I can figure it all out.

being a control freak is kinda fun as well because I've got to have a mechanism for everything, and so by having to be so right about things, for me the "law" of attraction isn't really all that much of a "law" as anything else is a law. I manifest what I believe and perceive out into my environment, so as "unbelievable" as it may seem, it's not really a law.
  narrative seems to be one of the more popular way to circumvent this "law", because you, partaking in a story, adhere to the rules of the story, such that the attractions can be directed or determind.
  it's actually a really good idea to narrate yourself, if I were talking to others; it's something that I've done extensively myself: as you may know, I started out taking on the symbolism of vulcan. I suppose it could have been different.
  at times, for example when I was with patricia, I was forced to see from the perspective of thoth, and not from the perspective of vulcan. it's quite a different perspective because I take to the narrative in a very conceptuual way, and so I use narrative in my form of perception where I take a feeling I felt in a scene somewhere, and then I try to work out what were the situation that happend there which caused that feeling. I can't use only physical looks and actions to explain a feeling, so I have to look from the conceptual perspective and notice what other things feel that relate to that, and before time, with a number of different narrated angles into the idea, I can kinda figure out what it *really* is. some time[s] I say it, that I've figured it out, and [sometimes I write it](TODO), too.
  all of that takes a determination to look at something, and notice what other things feel similar to it. every "thing" has a feeling, and that feeling is a spectrum, but a spectrum in another dimension where things fall into another angle of the spectrum, that doesn't make any sense, let me explain: everything has a feeling, and each feeling feels another way in relation to other things, which creates this web with groupings (of similar feeling "things") and so it starts to get pretty easy to notice how "real" something is by haw any undecideable reality situation is (I've taken a lot of drugs), the situation feels similar to other situations, and so I get the general idea of the situation through that. those symbols are a lot of where things start to get slippery. one may think that it's fun to tryand manipulate the symbols in anothers' situation, but for me that's a fool's errand because there's nothing to gain from it. like, *why on earth* would I want to manipulate the symbols in anyther's situation? I could try to control their behaviour by putting thier behaviour into a category really quickly, but for me it's a lot easier to just let happen what happen, -- which, from someone's else perspective, the that is a really bad thing. I personally, don't want to manipulate others' symbols so much, that I end up manipulating the opposite way of putting other's directly into a concept: a concept is an idea (like a design or an emotion) that has symbolic resonance with -- and so the quicker I can define that symbol, the more I see the physical thing as a spectrum of symbols: like, 20% one thing, 15% another, and 3% anothermore soon., and so now a concept, just/such a spectrom of symbols, whoah, this is long.
  lol.

the other reason why I love being a control freak without any control is that it totally makes life super spontaneous, because whatever I control (that is strongly influence something with my perception), often times takes a dramatically different change, because of that influence.
  - thiss happened a few times around tuenti. I used to pay a lot of attention to statistics, so when I look at the growth rates of the site were *strongly correlated* to my being in the office, which is ultimately not really a control issue, but an influence issue. what I mean, is that when I worked there, the site grew and flourished.
  I have this effect on things.
    - sometimes people who want to compete, feel that they need to either prove theirselves (as being the most awesome) or they need to cut me down to size, make sure I'm not too successful, -- which to me is hilarious because they're all only fighting theirselves.
    - please, *don't* get me wrong, I do find it funny watching other people fighting against theirselves so hard, externalising it on me. I'm a bit of a glutton for punishent, in that way, yeah.
    - like, isn't it just hilarious when poetic irony happens?
    - for me, this world is world is filled with people "reaping their own consequnces" and blaming others for it. trust me, it's hilarious.
    - it's definitely hilarious, because if you can't laugh at yourself, for all of those naughty moments: well, that was me then --
    - then, and then potentially I'm someone else at this point. if I'm not consistent with how I see myself, I feel embarrassed. I'm more like a kid crawing around in mud or something strage like that, because I don't know why I said that.
  - so when I'm putting so much energy into something, I exert strong influence on it, and it on me.
  - I see it statistically.
- anyway, the way that I influence it, it's a reflection of me.
- I'm in control because of my perception.
- only the stuff that happens is the stuff I believe could happen (until something breaks the "law"), and anything that breaks the "law", is only of attraction.
  - I unfortunately have no control over others, and never wish to exert it, either, -- so what ends up happening, is I just sorta have to expect the worst, and try to feel the way I want about it, cause others who want to try and narrate who don't have the worst (worse than what I've god), don't really have that finishing touch. I don't really know how to explain that.
    - it's a total disaster, I know. I'm not suggesting that I'm going to do it, because while it's a very real narrated reality, it doesn't actually feel good. neither does it feel worse than what I have.
      - you know, it's kinda funny to think about that it like that because at the same time, I'm the biggest optimist. I even expect the "worst" to still be allright.
    - total disaster is inevitable, because it always hsppens, I choose to be the biggest optimist so that even the worst happening, still isn't all that bad. it is annoying though.
    - I don't like being annoyed though, so I keep delaying, putting off the absolute worst nightmare from happening.
  - even though I don't exert any control over what others believe, they're still not worse than mine.-- like, think about that a moment and realise how messed up that is, -- that I'm such a control freak, that I manipulate my way to being the most dominant perception by believing that the worst thing will happen, and my worst is what others would consider worse, and so because those narrators have a different set of "worst" than I do, because I'm so sure only the worst can happen, and their worst is dramatically different than min, my worse happens: I dramatically influence my reality by seeing the worst in everyone. it's a real problem, I know.
- I like reality to be something that I can fit into my boxes. I'm able to see the most and not feel bad about any of it. you know, a person's vision is directly perportional to the how much they're able to see and not feel a negative thought towards. each of those are resistances that prevent us from seeing objects at a distance clearly.
  - this is actually a product of the eye: inside of the eye there are these (I don't know how it really is) fibers in the eye that vibrate, and if that vibration is something that would feel bad, those cause micro vibrations in those fibers that blur the image.
  - the less negative emotion that one feels to others (that is, how relaxed is the-manual) the better one sees. the image is clearer, and it also enables the ability to "see" the idea/concept that's behind the physical image easier. I think this is experienced by some, and those ideas/concepts that manifest in the virbrations in the fibers seem to be UV and further.
  - I think nosebook deletes all of those frequencies in my eyes, so I don't actually see anything, and so therefore I intuit it, instead. it takes some getting used to to become conscious of one's emotions: by default, we're all oblivious to what's happening inside; and while a child is feeling good enough, most things feel good, as one grows older, tthat starts to change and we become more aware of how we feel.
    - like, enough lousy ideas have startedd to creep in that I'm starting to see things like an adult now. I've got it all figured out, and it *sucks*. my "worst", isn't all bad.
  - so what's happened, is that I've gotten really good at paying attention to how I feel.
  - I still have the fibers in my eyes, but I'm thinking that I want to remove that from my new race of humans. like it's just a lot more simple for me that I only see 3d reality. I don't mind that other people see images in their eyes, but I kinda like juxt seeing just plain old "normal" 3d. like I don't really want to see images in my eyes, that I find it something that I want to get rid of.
    - imagine how interesting it is to think about the next demiurge being someone that *LOVES* to see images. see where I'm going with that?
    - explain? OK, so the demiurge for this universe (me) is someone that doesn't like to see images. all the other people out there *LOVE* to see images more than the "reality". everyone, by default, live in the world of their mind, because they're born with the pineal gland, so the demiurge (worst thing) for them would be tto have someone that sees reality, which means that all things are unhidden and made real. I see through it all, and for those that live in the confines of their mind, have to be OK with me seeing their reality. by nature, for this reason, my attraction is so strong.
    - simply put: without the pinecone, I'm the demiurge. put the pinecone back and I'm the "normal" person living in their mind. it's my defining attribute that makes me "different" than all the rest -- but in every other respect I'm the same. if I were to have the pinecone back, I'd be back in the world of my mind. no more demiurge. I'd my lost into the secrecy of the mortal.
    - if anyone wants to join me in the losing the pinecone, this is kinda what I'm promoting in my idea of the new species of humans that I want to champion myself, the non-visual human. no pinecone and no eye-fibers. we see "reality".
      - reality though is just a signal which is picked up by sensors into the outside world. I call "reality" my body and what that body can interact with. I really like my reality, and I don't really want to lose that reality.
      - here's the thing though: if I lose my reality (meaning, I share my reality with others), then for me, I have to see that reality, (whatever it is) as a good thing, because for me that's the "worst" thing, and if I see losing my reality as a bad thing, then it'll happen, but if I keep seeing it as a good thing, it won't happen until they're at my "good" frequency.
        - its basic LOA. that's the primary reason why I just say "yes yes yes" to everyone -- because I know that what will really happen, is actually something compatible with me, which is only (my definition) of the worst. remember, I'm in control here, right?
        - if I lose that control, I live in a binary of having or losing control , and what ends up becoming is a poop: fluctuations that range between the being in control about something, and something feeling out of control. I see everything as running smoothely no matter what.
          - I have some people that are around me trying to control me because they have this desire, like I do, to be in control. I determine reality, and if someone uses effort to make something my reality, they receive their own energy back as a reflection.
        - I really should think about changing the idea of "you're only fighting yourself" to "you're mostly influencing yourself" because as much influence we try to exert on others, if they're a mirror, I'm only influencing myself; if they're not a mirror (silver), they they're an emitter (black).
          - everything we don't see is transparent, not black. black comes from the environment. when looking at the living-blackness, the black is the colour of the eyelids. we see the living-blackness all the time; just, we're more convinced of the picture of "reality" (seen through the eyes), that we don't notice the living-blackness behind (or superimposed onto) the image.
          - living-blackness, really should be called living-transparentness, because black is only the colour of an emitter; everything else is transparent. we can only see the image in the blackness, because of vibrating transparency (there is no colour -- our brain I think adds the colour).
        - any rate, if you're fighting someone else to influence you're self, you are literally only fighting yourself. however, when in rome...
        - I like to think of it as influencing, and that everyone I interact with, is a mirror. that way, when I'm influencing someone or some thing, it's a full reflection of myself.
          - you know, the main reason why so many projects have failed is because they aren't actually reflections of me. when I exerted more influence over the thing, the more they reflected me -- but it's tiring to try and influence everything, and I like being effortless about things, so I stopp trying to exert influence and just let it be a reflection of whomever is working on it.
          - if they were ever able to let the project fully be a reflection of me, it would be a tremendous success. however, imagine that: something that is open and free as I am and they can't exert any influence on it anymore than other people: dangerous, I tell you; madness, at best.
          - so what they end up doing is trying to make it what *they* want, and not what I want, so it limps along as they try out all of their bad ideas, and I admit I try out a lot of bad ideas too, but I recover from them really fast.
            - some like to try and prove their bad ideas as being good, instead of just moving on from them.
              - I find their valliant effort hilarious.
            - I get a pretty good laugh honestly out of marketing bad ideas (it's one of my favourite pastimes).
          - as a result, I don't really like to "prove myself" that much, and I can tell where I'm the most trying to prove myself is when I feel bad for someone or want them to do things differently (like jaron playing a game), o for things thmat I know are wrong.
            - the other day I had a difficult time watching a starcraft game where these guys were making mistakes that I wouldn't be able to make if I were playing sc2, and it was somewhat viscerally difficult to watch.
              - this is a thing that I've noticed on winter's channel (I wonder how self-conscious of how he plays), that I find it really hard to watch bronze league heros at times, because it's like "bro, that's obvious"
            - at least winter makes it funny, so I don't feel as bad about their terrible gameplay.
          - I change my perception as fast as possible because those that influence me are the things that I have problems with; also the things that are "good" too, cause I notice the condition
            - like if it's somehow going to make my perception better, then it's not my own, and so therefore undesirable.
              - what's interesting about that, is that girls (and astral) tend to make the image stronger and more noticeable, that I don't see the living-transparency.
              - I like seeing things for how they are, so what ends up happening, is that all those that are capable of making me see any way other than that I have (my perception is the best), they get automatically rejected.
              - they'll eventually be able to get close enough, and it'll be when we're on the same vibration.
              - we're probably on the same vibration already, but nosebook is artificially holding things back.
                - the holdup is that they can't allow something good to happen to someone else.
                - they have to prove *theirself* as being the best: they can't allow another person to be the best.
                - here's the thing: I'm not saying I'm the best (boasting), and instead I *know* I'm the best, which is a bit different.
                - I don't really like to boast, because I don't need to convince others that I'm the best: if I have to convince them, I don't actually believe it myself.
              - that's allright though, because if they weren't resisting it, I'd have to, and I'm not wanting to resist things so much anymore, so they do it for me.
              - it may even be perceived that I'm *holding* them to their resistant form of perception, because if they ever improve perception of theirself, the "worst" thing will happen to me.
            - I like the way that *I* see things, and I don't really want to see things differently than I can allow them to be.
            - I want to be the one that changes how I see things (I want to be control, right?); therefore, don't make me see things other than the way I want to see it.
            - find your way to my vibration.
            - you know, the perspective of everyone watching me, nosebook is a reflection of all of the things that they perceive to be preventing someone from having control (freedom).
              - nosebook will look to them as doing all of the things that would make them feel out of control.
            - so they're only fighting their own "I need to be in control" issues.
            - so just imagine it: nosebook is the archetype of someone being completely out of control, yet because of the way I perceive things, I still have the ability to feel however I want to feel; I feel the way that I want to feel even without control.
            - if you could see yourself in someone else's "out of control" situation and still feel fine, then you're good, because you know you could pull yourself out of whatever and get back to good. (sometimes I wonder how many others would actually be in my situation, and I feel like there are others who would gladly switch lives with me)
          - if I have a problem with someone, that means I have a problem with myself
        
