# yo adrienne

### 2022-07-14 11:28 - first impressions

hi,

after what happened in @[metal-lucifer](2022-06-29 00:54), I decided to pause it and finish up listening to that at a future time. as usual, I drag my feet on everything, so I never finished that episode. instead I listened to two others and they were cool, but it wasn't quite as intense as the interview, which was fine because I was just playing this mindless game where you setup your industry components in a way that reminds me of building a microprocessor. it's pretty mindless, so I can usually listen to the music while I play pretty easily.

to be pretty honest, I had been actually trying to avoid more of those weird things where the synchronicities start to stack up because they make me uncomfortable. they are in fact already doing it agan. for example, I'm listnening to leftl "2021-11-28 - just another night" -- and I started it where I left off last night (1:04:00), "take her" -- but the date for the recording matches the time I started this entry/letter (not sure which it is yet). where was I? oh yeah, so I avoid these synchronicites like the plague. I have synchronicities all the time but they're usually not noticable to people because they don't know what is the vibrational "theme" so they don't see all of the symbols that correspond to what it is that I'm thinking and feeling about. when synchronicites like that one time in metal-lucifer start to happen, it feels to me like I'm being *pushed* in a direction rather than reality being a reflection of what I'm attracting. I like to continue to go steady and historically, they've been signs of large disruptions and difficulty so I've attempted to try and minimise and preempt them by attracting what I want (I'll come back to this. I want to tell the rest of the story now)

so I'm playing this leftl episode and the first few songs (can't remember when exactly) have you as vocalist. I go back to the game and I'm trying to play and I feel strange. I feel like I should be listening to the song but I'm trying to play the game, and if I wanted to play the game I shouldn't have turned on the music. I just leave it though. finally seriah comes on and says the songs were from seven spires, and sasha's masters of ceremony, etc. -- and it started to make sense what all of the feelings were about (cause I did half pay attention to the songs ). man, it's difficult to concentrate with the music going, and this is turning out waaaayyyy different than I originally imagined. I'm going to keep going. I noticed that there were a number of reactions that their translation was seemingly trying to be extracted from me. so to kind of preempt the problems that will cause (though I'm sure some translation exists since I've slept now, and they've prodded me all night long) I think I'd rather just talk out the ideas here instead (I'll come back to this as well). the final thing that I really noticed that was different about me was that I was hyper-conscious about everything I was thinking. I looked at myself in the mirror and *cared* about how I looked. I also *cared* a lot about presenting the things that I was thinking in a reasonable way (this caring thing is a theme).

recently, I wrote @[blahblog](2022-07-11 20:44) about having something to care for. it was inspired by maria's dog, nieve and her comment that it was really helpful for her to get out of her funk to have something to care for. I noticed that a dog or a person is very different in how I care for things. I typically associate *care* with creative projects, *not* with people. I explained that with a project, I can have the big picture feeling that I want to convey (like the lore or the image that chris would give me in his songs). however, for a person, I find that to be difficult because I don't want to impose my will on a person. I can only project what I feel and they can conform to it if they want to. therefore, I typically let people do what they want and NOT care about people, only caring for the things that I can actually influence, like myself or my projects.

---

so I'm listening to the songs and I feel so many different conflicting things. I'll start off with the one where I felt insecurity projecting out from it -- not in itself, but in the feeling behind it. I had a friend, luke and his dog poncho was a tiny scottish terrier I believe, and he was ferocious when luke had him on the leash, barking at dogs easily 2-3 times his size. however, when by himself, he was usually pretty scared of everything. if the music is luke, the feeling you projected was a little like poncho in that it felt like the power of the words was the music, not yourself.

you see, when I listen to a song, I connect to the vocalist. as an example, I love the song "world in my eyes" by depeche mode because when gahan is singing, I can feel the "experience" in his eyes, and how for those out there that want to catch a glimpse of his perspective of the world only have to look. the song is very "carnal" to me and very engaging because I love to see things the way others see things. I even feel like he's "defiling me" when he sings it. it's great. the other song that comes to mind is, "riders on the storm" by the doors. when he sings, "into this world we're thrown, like a dog without out a bone, or an actor out on loan, etc" I really feel his journey through life not really having something solid to hold on to, etc. those lyrics are very different, but with both of them they immerse me into the emotion of the experience and then the music compliments that. I never really thought about it, but I suppose it's visual for me even though I don't have any visuals when they sing it -- like for example the world in my eyes is like this opal of different colours that are passing through me as I experience a different coloured world. the riders on the storm song, his voice is yellow and kinda mollassas, but the contrast to the  organ and gives the sense of rain washing the difficulty away.

a song that I felt had a similar feeling in lyrics, I can't remember who it is, but the lyrics are, "wake me up inside; call my name and save me from my-self" -- and those lyrics give me a strong impression that she does not have a strong opinion of herself. she wants someone to come along and "choose her" and save her from herself (she feels very self-destructive and obviously heading in a direction of self-destruction). the good thing about this song (and probably the reason why it did so well) is that it's something that nearly everyone has felt. we get so tired of trying so hard, we just want someone of status to come along and say, "I choose you". that almost certainly is how she felt when she sang the song because it feels strongly of that.

---

when I say those things, I say them because I know that an artist can easily align with the lyrics that they sing, and I only say those things because I don't really have much of a choice that the reactions get out, so I'd rather just be fourthright about them say them in a way that I feel is most constructive because I do think it's possible to *believe* the emotion that's conveyed in the song (whether it's power, aggression, anger, hatred, etc). a song or a poem is an emotional experience, and the emotion projected is the most important.

however, that's my perspective/experience and I feel like if I were to try and impose that "big picture" of how a song should be, I would be dramatically violating my own goal not to impose my will on another person. I don't want to do that. if I start to "care" in that way, then it starts to go all wrong. you know, that could be a song .... huh.

---

you know yesterday, I was amazed to notice how much I started to care about what it is that I was thinking and how I behaved and stuff. obviously, I can't feel it if I'm not resonant with it, so clearly I do still have a lot more "caring what people think" resonant vibration still inside of me.

you know, when confronted with my own insecurities about what others think or feel about me (feeling is the worst -- thinking doesn't matter much), the way that I've "combated" that in the past has been to go more open. I can't really change what others think about me, so I just let it all hang out and then figure out how I want to feel about myself. I think that's probably why I'm writing this in this way -- because I've noticed that the more I get out in the open, the less hidden problems can show up later. I don't know if that actually solves my own insecurity though. it just keeps opening me up to more and more things without actually changing how I feel about myself.

I'm trying to figure out how to describe this concept -- you know the people that are "frontin" with their image and they have all of these external barriers setup in the form of image (the most recent example for me would be ice-t or snoop) -- they have these images that they have to maintain so that nobody every sees what's on the inside and exploits that? well, this is kinda like the opposite to that. those guys' personality is a "closed source" software and so if you can figure it out, you can exploit it. however my way is more of an "open source" personality. the source is there for everyone to see, and since I'm the only one that can patch my software, I can fix the exploits at my lesure (the closed source guys have a big deal to close them quickly or keep them hidden as best as possible). because my exploits are all out in the open for everyone to see, they're obvious so that anyone wanting to exploit me look pretty bad to others because they're using a known exploit. my visibility is in a sense my security system.

so, as a result, there are probably quite a few pretty well-known exploits at this point, however I haven't got around to fixing them because nobody wants to look like a fool by trying to exploit one of my known weaknesses. therefore, there's probably quite a lot of problems hanging around.

I have more to say, but when listening to this, for some reason I can't get to it. bye for now

P.S. the timestamp has the number sequnces 7-14-28, 11-22. 11 twice and 7 twice twice

### 2022-07-14 16:12 - some thoughts on synchros

OK, change of music; hope you don't mind. there were some reactions to me mentioning that I try to avoid synchronicities in the last letter (I think these will be just letters, so when I say "you", I mean adrienne).

the reason why I avoid synchronicities is because any time something is really eye-catching or has a lot of meaning associated with it, it means that I'm not up to speed with the vibration (I notice I use a lot more abraham phrases, writing to you). when I'm not up to speed with it, it feels like a big deal -- however, if I'm up to speed with it. then it just feels normal.

the other reason why I tend to avoid synchronicities is because they are products of the astral. I think randall calls it the "language of the birds" and that happens when someone is attracting really strongly and it means that you're going faster than normal. I also associate it with the "deja vu" like in the matrix where it's a sign of an overlap in time.

imagine for a moment that I had a time machine and I wanted to manipulate a timeline so that I could move myself or someone to another location in time or space; well, the previous moment and the new moment and the new moment have to feel somewhat similar, so I cause (or reality causes because of similar vibrations) something *meaningful* to happen so that I end up going in a different direction. that synchronistic or *meaningful* event totally altered the direction that I was going to go next.

as an example, imagine I transported over to china, and just sort of appeared there, the events leading up to the moment where someone talked to me would appear to them as synchronistic, because previously I wasn't there and wasn't apart of that system, but now that I'm there, the astral part of the mind has to create events that are "synchronistic" in the linear sequence of time for the "now reality" to appear plausible. it does this by creating (you know you create your own reality, don't you) a sequence of events that can lead up to something -- a "manifestation" of something extraordinary. it's the mind's way of rationalising the incomprehensible.

hope that helps. cheers!
