# thoughts on shakespere

nothing too specific to any one of his works.

### 2022-10-03 14:30 - future past

yesterday I had a conversation with dad about shakespere where I was explaining that it's likely that quite a few ideas found in shakespere's plays must have been inspired by real events. to demonstrate, I used a combination of hamlet and midsummer's night dream to show that it's likely that the heir to the throne was userped (by claudius in hamlet) and that the king james figure (who commissioned the 1611 bible) was quite possibly this guy. the reason why I belive it's "hamlet" is because ham refers to one of noah's son's ham. consider that noah, being the survivor of the cataclysm is the origin of "aryan" root-race, and so his sons symbolically have the colours black (ham), red (shem), and white (japheth). you'll notice the egyptian colours there, as the "gods" of egypt were white guys (see nearly every ropert sepehr for further elaboration on this). you'll also notice that these are the nazi party's colours as well -- again, with the idea that they're going to create an aryan master race. because the nazi party invested so much in archeology, I don't believe those colours or the swastika were an accident.

at any rate, he's called hamlet, because he comes from the black bloodline. the knights templar (after digging around below solomon's temple) introduced the "black madonna" symbolism into europe and suddenly there are a lot of cathedrals being built being commissioned by the catholic church. the "ancient romans" (as horatio calls himself), are the main opposition to expanded consciousness, and this is likely the reason for the sudden halting of cathedral building. denmark is an obvious reference to red and the serepent which, in the garden of eden, opened their eyes.

I believe there is another reference to the colour of white with hamlet telling polonius that he is jephthah (from judges 11) sacrificing his daughter, because that also appears in another play as well when clarence takes the rose out of his hat and throws it at warwick. the red cross or rose is always in the centre while the white surrounds it (the nazi flag kinda inverts this, with black back in the centre). so, this is potentially a symbolic message to polonius that poland (polar land) is actully the outer part, rathar than the centre. seems it's done on purpose.

queen elizabeth, the last of the tudor dynasty, was I beleve to be considered to be the last of the black maddona bloodline. this is important because if that's the case she's the living representative of diana (the aryan goddess). you see, the aryan (7th ray) triad is genxicat (black condor, puma) symbolised by the colour black, mars obviously is the red one, leaving vulcan to be the white one. here's another example of a reference to black (from phoenix (red) and turtle poem). notice how the priests are white, the phoenix is never labeled, but if the phoenix is the red one, then it'll be mars, the red empires that keep rebuilding theirselves after another disasters. the priests are the white ones in the outer court (remember solomon's temple has outer court, inner court, and the centre (holy of holies)). emphasis mine:

    Let the priest in surplice *white*,
    That defunctive music can,
    Be the death-divining *swan*,
    Lest the requiem lack his right.

    And thou treble-dated *crow*,
    That thy *sable* gender mak'st
    With the breath thou giv'st and tak'st,
    'Mongst our mourners shalt thou go.

notice how the nazi party's flag inverts this, and relegates the red ones (shemites) out into the outer courts, while puting the black back into the middle? OK, hopefully I've made my case that I believe the colours and symbols in shakespere's works *are* purposeful.

I believe the names and things are also quite purposeful as well. for example, in midsummer's night dream, there is an "indian king", which is likely the changling child that the "virgin queen" had, but because she never publically had this child, to keep off the spanish invasion, the in-diane king never was given his right to the throne. it's my belief that this black bloodline's form of perception transformed, no longer being passed genetically through the female bloodline, I think this became transferred from one male initiate to another in these secret builders guilds and the rosicrucians (which became the masons). rosencrantz and guild-en-stern are namely puns on that (he who has ears to hear, knows what I'm talking about). there's a reason why the church (ancient romans) cracked down on the templars and their homosexuality.

---

so, what does all of that mean, and why am I fascinated by it? the reason why is because we attract our reality with feeling and symbols. at a future time I'll try to explain the process in greater detail (dad had to go to the restroom yesterday), but just know that by playing these plays, we're attracting those sorts of symbols into our reality. the other major effect that it has, and the one I believe was the intention of shakespere was to have us give attention to these symbols, thereby amplifying them.

the other day I did this and I made a big point out of it. I announced to mom that I had figured out that sesily didn't wish to pay me because I was going to buy more drugs with it. she thought that I was saying that to try and affect behaviour by pointing it out, forcing them to have to pay me, but I stated from the very beginning that this was not the case. I just wanted to amplify the problem. I believe that shakespere was/is using the same technique that I was using.

he must have known that writing about the ridiculousness of these kingly positions is not actually going to cause them to change their behaviour. in fact, the (rather significant) evidence that john anthony and alan green have shown of the influence that shakespere had on the king james bible, means that, (in the context of what I wrote about above), through king james and his 1611 (authorised) bible, he helped reestablish the ancient romans back into power in the form of the catholic church.

considereing the following 30y war and a number of other events, it is my opinion that these builders guilds and shakespere were heavily invested in giving the roman church the tools that it needed to maintain its power structure for quite a while longer until the next "honey pot" could be built for them to go into and infiltrate, which is the future establishment of the USA.

roughly speaking, I've recognised a series of forces that seems to continue its efforts, spanning across multiple generations. I've called both the good and bad ones the "fallen-angels". the reason for this is that at the end of their life they don't die, but instead move around inside of the astral realm looking for a new body to inhabit. the common thread between them is that all of these guys have "expanded vision" (4d), are symbolically very aware (probably because of faster LOA), and have a very capable imagination. they also entertain secrets, because their own longer view on human history they have to even keep a secret. this is why you only hear about unexperienced people talking about astral travel when they first discover it, but then seem to go silent about it after that. both of them (the good and bad ones) also have a consistent history of trying to improve or inhibit expanded perception of humankind using *conditions*.

the major change that shakespere does, is to make it no loger about conditions (who controls the temple mount, cathedrals, pyramids, etc.) but now it's all about emotion. now, you *are* your emotion, and the church's effort to monopolise all of the spiritual aspects, left the rest of society to flail about in the drama that the new emotional reality takes place. (you can now see vulcan's 5th ray effect here, played out through the 7th rays: aries and the black madonna).

so, if I'm going to put a label on these different secret societies and other such things, I'd say that they're trying to help and to keep humankind from destroying itself. it looks like it's been orchestrated and planned out by someone that knows something about LOA. consider now that they would have built all of the major cathedrals, and that we know the USA was established mostly by the masons[^1], it seems that this is an effort to kind of move these "ancient romans" out of europe and into the USA. I'm sure there are still some decrepit births still happening in the roman catholic church, but it's much more likely most of the power mongers have moved over to the USA at this point.

this is quite long. next, I want to talk about attracting with symbols a bit more. I see myself as a bit of a shakespere in the sense that it appears that I'm helping to give them their next 1611 bible, from which they can have all of the power to hold the monopoly on the spiritual realm again.

[1]: I'm not saying all masons are good. it's like a spy ring, and there are good ones and bad ones, but it's been infiltrated and compromised many times over. personally, I'm suprised any of them can make heads or tails of anything -- and so I steer pretty clear from it, because like a spy network, you just can't really trust anything. trust is a very difficult thing to establish and maintain. corruption happens all of the time and the sense that I get from crowley (and parsons) is that you have to kinda find your own way in it all because it's not like someone is just going to give you the power for free... another thing I dislike is the idea that an asymetry of knowledge (secret) is able to give a person power. I believe that *all* knowledge is available, so power is actually your ability to tune to what you want and ignore what everyone else is doing.
