# turtle and phoenix

@[youtube](https://youtu.be/vVvGwzZvQhw)

never heard of this poem, but as tim is talking I'm getting a lot of ideas. I still have yet to read the poem, so these are initial impressions.

- the birds are phoenix (a symbol of reurrection) and also the turtle dove
  - immediately, this reminds me of jeortau (dove) and mars (phoenix).
    - I imagine that this poem has something to do with 1-2-7, so the missing part here is the desire symbolism.
    - further on this, the union of the two birds produce something that transcends reason (3rd ray)
      - so again, this poem reminds me of the transition from the 1st ray triad (1-2-3) to the reverse 1st ray triad (1-2-7)
      - in the original 1st ray triad, the 2nd ray (jeortau) is the phoenix
        - later on, as defined by the baptism of jesus, when jesus receives the holy spirit, it appears as a dove coming down and entering
        - because of various things that I've read, jesus is constantly associated with elijah, which I associate with mars, a 7th ray.
        - combine mars (7) with the "father"/anatau (1) and you have the 1-7 alpha and omega porspectives in the same body.
        - the only thing remaining now, is the 2nd ray (dove symbol), and a rebirthing (phoenix).
      - therefore, in the reverse 1st ray triad (1-2-7), the symbol is no longer the phoenix, but the dove -- the promise after the destruction.

- poem is divided into 3x22 line segments, with one concluding line.
  - it may be possible that the sections refer directly to the different aspects of the new (1-2-7) triad, as from the 1-2-3 perspective, this is the descent into reason and logic (thinking analytically - aryan vs atlatian)
  - however, once descended into pure physicality (materialism) and reason, now things reverse, and so it's perceived from the 1-2-7 perspective in which we're now heading back toward desire.
  - notice that, from the 1-2-3 perspective, desire appears as purpose or willpower (emissive), but from the 1-2-7 perspective, it now appears more as something very attractive.

- the birds don't produce any offspring, reminding us of the first 17 sonnets where the fair youth (adonis?) is being advised to produce offspring


### personal notes

as a general thing that I want to note here, I'd like to mention that there are three major characters that show up for me all the time. first is mars (the young stallion/fair youth, etc.), then there is venus (black/ham/dark is her colour, and she has echos in every major female role like gertrude/ophelia) kinda shapeshifting between them all, and then finally the older father type (adonis/saturn/vulcan). these get conflated, as all three of them take on different roles.

---

the other thing I'd like to note here is that as tim is talking about the birds having a full and complete death (no resurrection), complete without having any offspring, this is really the "end" for this dynamic pair, I get these pictures showing up in my head, which I'm not so sure how to describe.

it reminds me of an event that happened the other day when I was watching the honey bees going around from flower to flower, they appearerd to me as very fragile -- which is sorta true; in comparison to the bees, a wasp does not at all look fragile: it has a sleek design and I know from experience that unless I really destroy their bodies irreparably, they're quite able to recover from a good whack and get back even to flying around. they're quite durable. anyway, as I was watching these bees buzz around and go from flower to flower (from vagina to vagina), I noticed this other one that was going around. he was all black with yellow stripes (opposite colour scheme of a yellow-jacket or wasp) and he was going around as well.

it's important to note that these were sage(?) bushes with purple flowers that appear in somethming of a fibonacci sequence around the stem as the plant ascends (the leaves are at the bottom). the plant itself is quite a *weed* in nature and will grow pretty well, even without too much water. I'll consider it an advanced weed. it's also important to note that its flowers are not like the normal flowers that a plant has, where they appear at the top of the stem. as the plant reaches new heights, (has sufficient leaves nutrients on the bottom) little purple cylinders "pop" out from the stem, and then from out of these cylinders pops a tiny purple flower. the cylendars are already the seeds that will grow up to be new bushes, but I believe the function of the flower is to get a foreign (diverse) input as the bees reach for the pollen inside there (this may also increase fertility or gene mixing, not sure). if a mushroom or a normal flower has a single stage deployment where the seeds are inside of the flower/cap, this one appears a bit different. very interesting.

anyway, I'm watching this black bee/wasp go around and his behaviour was pretty notable, because he didn't care so much for the (matured) flowers coming out of the seeds, but was much more interested in the seeds themselves. I couldn't really see what he was doing to the seeds because my eyesight was especially poor that day, but I noticed a few things that made him very different from the bees:

1. if a bee lands on a branch that another bee is aready on, the first bee will fly off as soon as the other one lands. they tend not to occupy the same branch and remain in motion. this black one was not on the same frequency as the bees, and would often times occupy the same branch as the bees, and he even had a few near collisions with the bees.
2. the bees are never seen on the ground, but this black one spent quite a lot of time on the ground where many many seeds had already fallen. not sure what he was doing exactly, but he was definitely doing something to/with the seeds down on the ground (seeds on the ground lose a lot of their colour and appear a very yellow-greyish violet now).
3. I noticed a bit of roof shingle on the ground next to him and went to pick it up. he seemed a bit upset that I was disturbing things in his environment, but didn't really attack me. later, I tried to put my finger down so he could climb on top of it, but he seemed very uninterested in me. he maintained a dilligent business that the bees have for the flowers, but with the seeds. he did not want any interruptions to his work on the seeds.

I found all of this fascinating, and while I was watching this, a similar image popped into my head that did when tim was explaining that the phoenix and dove do not make any natural offspring and so they do appear to finally die out... the image in both of these cases contatained the quality that the flowers represented mature reproductive capable vaginas, in that they can produce offspring genetically, but the seeds -- let's just say that these do not produce plants because they haven't been pollenated properly. the idea here is that the black bee, because he is interacting with young seeds that do not have a flower or old seeds that have already fallen, this would not produce cross-pollenated offspring like the bees were helping the other seeds to do.

the conclusion that I came to in that moment is that I'm sorta similar to the black one in that I'm a sort of hybrid between the wasp and the bee. this is interesting symbolism, because I associate the editors of jesus' story to be the "flavian touch". titus flavius vespasianus (vespasian) is the roman emperor that I (and doug) believe is responsible for many of the edits done to the gospels and also the originator of the pen name "josephus". the important part here is the wasp's assoication with the roman emperor reigning around 69 AD (interestingly he also died at age 69), and that vespa is wasp in spanish/latin. the flavian dynasty even came to an end on (dates are important to these guys) 18 (3x6) of september (9) of 96 (69 backwards).

the wasp is the roman attribute, and the bee is something else. there's an interesting line at the end of hamlet where horatio (horatio is a funny name because it reminds me "of time" (saturn) or "of the hour"), and as hamlet is dying, horatio wants to drink the poison too, saying, "I am more an antique roman than a dane". the romans, I make the case are the INFECTED ONES (or fallen-angels) and these guys infiltrate high societies by moving their consciousness into bodies of young children or newborns of the upper nobility class, allowing them to be born into and become rightful heirs to positions of power in these high societies. they don't create the high society, they just try and take over powerful positions of those socities. in general, the red ones are a mixed bag, but it seems that they have a strong desire to have good conditions. these red ones (often red cross or red rose in centre of white) achieve these feats of technology because have access to expanded perception and imaginary capacities. through these "esoteric" practises and secret rituals. they seem to originate mostly from atlantis (@[youtube](https://youtu.be/BqmgUzOpb84?t=916)). dane refers to the tribe of dan, which is symbolised by the serpent and the colour red (@[youtube](https://youtu.be/BqmgUzOpb84?t=1008)). hamlet seems to be a play all about that.

I'll get to the conclusion in a second, but I'd like to make the point that in the tragedy of hamlet, ham (black) is mentioned, so is norway and also japheth, which is mostly taken to be the king in northern palestine (samaria) that sacrificed his daughter because he was a man of his word (hamlet struggles to follow through with what he says he'll do, and adonis also struggles with this). claudius clearly represents one of these inpleasant infiltratrators that userps the kingdom. note that elizabeth was the last of the tudor (black madonna) dynasty, and she had no heirs. instead, I believe that devere moved this expanded form of perception off into the secret societies (rosicurcians and the builders guilds -- rosencrantz and guildenstern)... OK, ending the rabbit trail.

back to my conclusion: I saw myself as that black wasp/bee that was not interested in pollenating mature flowers (genetic heirs), but instead, I'm concerning myself with something that produces no issue, which is messing with the unpollenated seeds which will likely not grow up. my job here is not to leave behind a genetic legacy or biological bloodline or whatever, but instead to plant conceptual seeds, which will eventually grow up differently. I do that by having the form of the wasp (romans, claudius) and just going about my own way. no need for me to leave behind any physical legacy, to instead leave behind a legacy of desire. things have reversed their polarity now. instead of using reason and going toward physicality, now I'm leaving behind the manifestation that leaves the most to be desired (a tragedy -- which is a physical disaster, but produces much desire instead). it's kinda difficult to put this into words, honestly. hopefully the connections are clear enough to see.

the whole point is to kill the phoenix and the turtle (the ascending and decending aspects of the 2nd ray in the 1st ray triad), so that we're no longer fixated on the physical but instead on the what it is that each person *individually* wants/desires. the king/group structure's time has now passed (which is why horatio (of time/saturn) has the ending explanation and finally explains to the (white?) outside of the masses wtf is going on) and fortenbro (norway, the new nordic power structure) takes over the "kingdom". it looks like a tragedy, but it's really the perfect setup for individuality and art to emerge, which is why I think the troubadours/players take on the new narration position. you see, from now on, it's all about the individual and what the individual wants/desires...
