# fifth gospel

### lecture-1 - christianity powered by non-intellectuals

through these unsophisticated people, christiantity spread comparitavely rapidly.

this thought connects with the later vision that he relates where buddha appears to jesus and explains that it's an impossibility for all humans to be essenes, because they require separateness from the rest of humankind.

in other words, it's not going to be the intellectuals or anyone else that seems to see themself as separate, superior, or different than the rest, which will unite humankind.

though christianty was opposed by an advanced society of individuals, it was through these unsophisticated non-intellectuals that the idea spread so quickly (even more powerful of an argument if you consider 1k of the last 2k didn't happen). it reminds me a bit of weeds and wheat. the reason is obvious, steiner concludes: intellectuals don't understand the "christ impulse"

he then goes on to say that all of modern science has been born out of the "christian impulse" (and when he says impulse, the sense I get is somewhere between marketing and motivation - 2nd ray power). this occurred because modern science gave all of these advanced intellectuals something to push against, which was this group of unsophisicated christians exploring the realms of the spirit. the catholic church tried to ban these advances in science and also in spirituality. this concept connects with the one later on when jesus is troubled by the images of lucifer and ahriman that are coming out of the essene gates. what function does lucifer and ahriman have? he's setting up the basic triad relationship here.

---

in the next lecture, he basically lays out that these unsophisicated and uneducated people went through a transformation in the pentecost, where they were completely transformed, gaining access to all aspects of reality, clairvoyant perception and the like. it's pretty obvious to me that these normal everyday guys will begin to figure out how some things worked (eg. science) with their clairvoyant perception (I call thi "expanded perception") that they began to make discoveries (eg. science).

steiner is basically saying that the "christian impulse" was actually a sort of clairvoyant form of perception that was not done through initiation, but by simply accepting jesus into your heart.

I now understand what my dad says when he asks me if reading the bible makes me feel a burning sensation. he's talking about the "fire of the holy spirit" decending and giving clairvoyant perception. I didn't have that happen. I think I was born with clairvoyance, but then lost it with a woman only to regain it again by releasing resistance and staring into a "son" (star) of God during the night. I was twice not intitiated into this clairvoyant perception (though I did accept jesus into my heart as a child, that wasn't what expanded my vision).

so what we see happening is a sort of repeat of my own life. I did not go to school to learn programming; I'm self-taught. I didn't go to school to learn about the 7-layers-of-perception, minus the document that got me started, I figured it out myself. I have begun inqeries into and had discoveries relating to cosmological, scientific, emotional, conceptual, and psycological subjects -- all with relative ease. instead of relating these accomplishments to being a function of having expanded vision -- mine is quite blurry and my imagination doesn't work, which has only served to strengthen my non-visual senses, I attribute this instead to emotional or conceptual capacity (ie. 5th ray conceptual rather than 6th ray clairvoyance).

almost certainly, these inqueries and related discoveries have fueled buth the scientific and religious/parapsycological communities, meanwhile the church (nosebook), is busy trying to suppress them. it's also most likely motivated people who would have never given much thought to intuition and emotion as a means of scientific discovery to perhaps reconsider their perspective. so, in that sense, you may say that I have the *opposite* of this christ impulse. I'll consider that I have the anti-christ impulse, for reasons which I'll expound upon later. the organisational structure is the same: the average person (everybody) has access to their emotions, so not only is this more accessible than the fire of the holy spirit, you don't need to even do anything to get it, and nobody can take it from you either. quite literally everyone has access to this, which means that you only need to have been born into a human body to get it; no need for christs, initiations, or special arrangements like the essenes had.

### lecture-2 - if I see it, I'll believe it

this lecture talks about how from the time that they were in the garden of gethsemane until the day of pentecost, they were in a deep sleep. he recounts how jesus tells them to stay at guard, but they keep falling asleep. that slumber continued on and they remained in that dream-like state until the pentecost, at which time they suddenly started to begin to remember all of the events that had transpired in the previous days (the denial, the crucifixion, etc.)

this all sounds extremely suspect to me. if I just take steiner at face value here, this sounds like the disciples had memories implanted, and that for the entirety of the event, they were in a state of mesmerism.

the interesting thing to note here is that steiner is relating all of these things from his clairvoyant standpoint, and so from his perspective (as well as the disciples, because he's recounting this from peter's perspective), these highly symbolic events all happened just as the memory says that they did. personally, I don't really believe this whole death and crucifixion stuff. I always skipped over the final chapters of the gospels when I read them because they didn't feel good, and nowadays I've come to believe that jesus' death had more to do with mutual-back-scratching than it had with anything else. I've written about this previously, so I find it funny that rudolf here is getting duped by his own atlantian image based memory, that the adepts used to control the masses of atlantians. it's a bit ironic. perhaps rudolf is a bit of a trickster.

interesgingly enough rudolf may not have actually been that unaware, because he repeatedly says that he's "relating the images [as he saw them]" and lets out other hints such as when he says, "the *image* of jesus taken down from the cross and put into the tomb".

the other possible clue is something that I cannot independently verify because I don't have clairvoyant vision right now, but he says that when the moon passes in front of the sun during an eclipse, all individual consciousness looses its vibrance, meanwhile group consciousness, such as things of nature seem to come alive. he relates this as the moon is symbolic of the knowledge of the earth, and that sometimes it gets in the way of the radiance of the sun. when this happens (these eclipses), there is a passing away and a starting over, symbolically speaking.

he then relates that at the day of pentecost, peter realised that jesus' death was only *apparent*; in reality, this death, preceded by infinite suffering, was a birth, for the whole earth, of the spirit that had entered his soul like a ray.

---

I must say my opinion on this. first of all, I'm pretty certain that jesus' death was mutual-back-scratching, and it was designed to acquire a new form of perception (where you see yourself as a concept of yourself - 5d perception). this new form of perception increases the bandwidth of the "visible" -- whereas before 5d was probably incomprehensible (like taking a very heroic dose of mushrooms or ayahusca), he made it possible for this world to be conceptualised at that high frequency. the goal here, I believe is that this form of perception got encoded into jesus' bloodline and that allowed the roman emperors a further capacity to continue to live out their lives in these bodies and have considerable mental superiority over the rest of the people.

I say this is mutual-back-scratching because in the long game, what this means is that gives all of these "fallen-angels" (roman emperors, today's "elite") the genetics to not fall apart over the next few thousand years. he's giving them a boost, knowing that one day technology will eventually win out over perception. also, for jesus, this means he's now released from time and space. he can now drop into any time or space he tunes into and appear the concept that he perceives himself as (this reminds me of elijah).

we have no idea how many time edits were done, but I'm fairly certain that from that time onward, the timeline was influenced (most certainly with the help of the romans mutual-back-scratching) to continue to ensure the "worst" thing happens. he would ensure they continue to stay alive (though as with all marketing, there's always an expiration date -- so probably not forever cause a forever product is bad marketing).

now another reaction that has happened since yesterday was my comment dark ages. I wasn't meaning that the dark ages didn't happen, but that the supposed 1ky timespan called the dark aged between 300-1300ad never happend. the way I have come to see it now is that while the romans got new bodies with much expanded perception, this "clairvoyant" 4d perception was given to certain followers of christ (as defined in dtp), and this allowed for all of the gothic cathedral building, the templars, massive advances in science and technology and so fourth. to counter this, the church's capacity to try and prevent this was tremendously boosted because of their expanded (5d) perception.

as you know from LOA, the church's focus on trying to get rid of all of the advances in technology only fueled the advances and made them even more. I propose that this clairvoyant percetion given to scientists, thinkers and esoteric societies, and other followers of christ compressed time so much that an entire 1000y could be removed from our history and we wouldn't even notice it because the church (romans) were able to cause such a signifcant decrease in technology.

there were also likely other future waves of extra difficulty as well. you have to now consider the nazi party's intent on using eugenics to purify the earth, so I imagine that if they were given time traveling saucers, that probably explains the extra wave of plages and pestilance. it may also be the same phenomenon too, because the sense that I get from steiner is that this darkness that covered the area at that time during his "death" was very similar to the inky black mists described by bramley in his chapters on the plagues during the middle ages. it's pretty possible that these are designed to make everyone feel worse, so that we could move to a worse feeling timeline (and compress time even further).

where all of this is going, I believe is [the technological singularity](/jorjani-thoughts.md#the-singularity) where each person is creating their own reality and each person is their own saviour, or destroy theirselves -- and, at the end of that 1000y of "peace" (you make your own reality version of what peace means to you), will be that final alchemical gold that emerges from the fire (sun).

the whole point is that once technology is high enough, everyone can be their own saviour. say it is 1000y, and that you have the new roman empire (nosebook) fighting against people figuring out their conceptual capabilities, again, what you're going to have is a dramatic rise in technology, which the romans will try to prevent, forcing everyone excommunicated from their group to either find a way to feel the way they want to feel or to destroy theirselves.

easy. everyone is their own manu.

    "the apostles' state of soul at that time was such that they could only *participate* in the death of jesus in an *abnormal state of consciousness*" (emphasis mine)

#### further thoughts on this

I wrote that I think it was funny that he got duped by his own atlantian recollection of memory, form of perceiving the past, but I don't believe now at all that is what happened. I think he may have suspect that something different than what was apparent, because he only talks about the events from the perspective of the apostles. I think he may have tried to remote view jesus' perspective in it too, and that may be what he's referring to at the end of the lecture when he says that he can't get the density right. if jesus attained 5d in that death experience like I think he did, then that could explain not only the part of them not being able to recognise jesus in "risen" form versus the physical form, because he was appearing to them as the concept of their perception now, and so that's why the physical image had to be overlaid on top of the spiritual image.

at any rate, I do think he suspects something not immediately apparent happened here and that's the whole point of why he says in the beginning of the lecture that he thinks that in the future history will be taught by actively looking at the events clairvoyant so we can look at history as it "really happened", rather than the prevailing narrative. I also feel that's why he said that he feels in the future it will be possible and that in the future it's possible to talk about these subjects with more accuracy, because of the higher frequency images were not totally able to be decoded by him.

### lecture-3 - solar initiation made possible without leaving the earth

steiner has a really strange way of talking... something about the mithraic seven stages of initiation, where you started out with inner things, then became a liason for the nation, then more than the nation, then the solar system (a "sun hero")

pardon my personal comment here, but all of this sounds pretty hokey. sun hero is something I would think of naming a children's toy, so I guess he was right when he said all of these things sound silly to the modern mind.

- raven
- occult person / secret one
- fighter
- lion
- liason of nation
- liason of earth
- liason of sun

however foolish sounding it may be, there might be some sense to what he has to say. if I take the first 4 he has there and call this the 3d experience, the others correspond pretty well to the other dimensions:

- liason of nation (outward looking 4d)
- liason of earth (inward looking 5d)
- liason of sun (outward looking 6d)

so, if I'm following him correctly, what he's saying is that what jesus did is to take 6d perception and make it possible here on earth.

just a quick refresher: 6d perception is where you are able to enter into the body of another person, place, or thing and perceive the world from their perspective. you have access to all of their thoughts, their conception of the world and all of their senses. this is kind of like nosebook, but nosebook does not give you that (as he called it in the beginning of the lecture), "direct living experience, a feeling and power of the soul"

this 6d perspective is 4th ray perception, which is the the upgrade from astral 6th ray perception. if you were a sun, then this 4th ray perception would be outward looking (and 6th and 2nd ray inward), but for human body types, we are opposite, so that 6th ray and 2nd are outward looking, but 4th ray is opposite, so you see from the perspective of the other entitiy you tune into and experience it as if you are that entity.

this is what various places calls "principalities and powers", where, for example, when beginning to work for a corporation, you will take on (to some amount) the demeanour of the corporation. you see things and feel things as the corporation feels it (hence the initiation of the nation, then of the earth first in the mithraic intiations). as this capacity increases, it's possible to feel how anything from a stone to a corporation, another person, to a planet or star feels. for those interested, this is definitely one of the things you'll quickly learn when star-watching, too, btw.

when I say this, I am simply referring to tuning into the vibration of, so in the next part here he makes a note that a person thinks that a dead person cannot suffer, and that is clearly false because otherwise a rock could suffer. the reason why a soul or person in a physical body can suffer is because of a disharmony with their environment or their source; and that disharmony is what causes the suffering. most people believe that the obvious thing is to then accept the suffering or try and change the environment (we humans love to modify our environment to improve how we feel about it).

low powered 4th ray perception is just falling into the demeanour of the dominant vibration of the most dominant entity, but as you get more powerful 4th ray perception, you start to pick up on any and every vibration in your environment. most people keep this blocked off and filtered out because it'll cause them paralysis to maintain a normal productive life. however, as one releases more and more resistance, other vibrations other than your own can be experienced and they don't really bother you so much -- first, because you don't really have as much resistance (opposite destructive interference vibrations -- so usually higher frequency but can be same frequency too) -- and second, because your own vibbration is either stronger or has fast recovery.

we all know what stronger is: 100W transmitter is more than 10W transmitter -- but, what is fast recovery? fast recovery is a strong self-identity, where if you get thrown off by something (like say a really powerful psychedellic experince or a tragedy/trauma/suffering), then you can return back to feeling yourself pretty quickly -- and most importantly, it's good to bring something back with you from the experience too, so in the middle of the experience, if you can retain a bit of self-identity, you can manage to apply the new feeling to your identity vibration.

4th ray perception is just being able to tune into something else really well, rather than look at it from the outside like 2nd or 6th ray perception.

---

now, he's talking about a spirit that entered jesus' body at the moment of the baptism that did not have any previous earthy karma -- meaning that once inside of jesus' body, this new spirit (soul?) experienced suffering for no earthly reason.

I sort of disagree with his conclusion, because it's all attraction, and the "suffering" that jesus experienced was mostly illusory as he mentioned in the previous lecture. but, for now I'll go with it because I think I see what he's getting at here.

before I read further, let me say the way I see it: imagine that you have a graph and you start at zero and the graph rises, reaches a peak, then falls back to zero. this is the energetic graph of a life of a human. in contrast, if you are to have a "walk in" at some point on that graph (say somewhere in the middle), there is now a second graph of that second entity that lived in the body that also starts at zero -- but it's not really zero; it's the velocity that I'm already going at. there's two ways to look at this: first, that the entity that jumped into the body was already at a pretty high frequency, such that normal childbirth wouldn't be a good idea because it would destroy the child or the child would grow up a "child prodigy" -- however if the new entity starts out in a 27(30?)yo body, then its zero starts at the time of the walk-in. this is the interpretation that I consider because I have had such an experience.

what I'd like to relate here is that this reminds me of manipulations in the financial sector or, for example the graph of forest fires starting in 1983 because that's when the lowest amount of forest fires occurred. if you start the graph in the 1800s or 1900s, the amount of forest fires has decreased, but if you start it in 1983, the amount of forest fires looks to have increased. so is the same from the perspective of this new soul inhabiting jesus' body. at the time of his "death" the new soul was only 3yo, and so it experienced that whole "trauma" with the enthusiasm and vigour that a 3yo experiences something new.

the same is true for me. I am in no way the age that I am, because I can't really remember all of my childhood years, so when I came and and got "born" I could already use a computer and had good logic and mental capabilities. I didn't have to wait for the body to catch up with me. so from my perspective, it's like the forest fires rate in 1983: it's only uphill from there.

additionally, I'd like to try and relate this image in my mind but I don't know how. OK, say you have a rubber band, and you stretch it back over one lifetime, it goes zero -> peak -> zero again. however if you start he graph in the case of jesus here at the peak (27/30?) and then go to zero, you have a negative trend. you do this a number of times you get a really negative trend going... that's a lot of unwanted, which means there's a lot of wanted at the same time. it's easy to manifest unwanted, but if you're born at zero the net result is a 0... so these sorts of "walk ins" seem to something of vibration farming going for either positive or negative numbers, which, depending on your form of perception (I tend to expand the most with negative numbers), you can use to positive numbers to manifest similar things and negative numbers to manifest opposite things.

while we're on the subject, I just want to mention that terence mckenna thought that after 2012, time travelers would regularly appear on the planet. when I heard that, I wondered if time travelers would randomly begin to insert theirselves into car accident and brain injury victims, because if looking at it from the perspective in the future, you're wanting to gain conceptual experience, and so if there were humans with sufficiently compatible DNA to yours, why not jump into their body? like imagine if you were someone in the future and you wanted to attain my conceptual experience. you'd jump into my body and ride along inside of it. when I die, you'll come back to your body having experienced a REALLY POWERFUL dream. it's sorta a 4th ray intiation too when you think about it. perhaps even jesus' body is compatible enough with our own DNA that others could go back and experience that from jesus perspective (ie. what steiner was saying when he was saying a new way to look at history)

---

about his revelation that this entity did not have any karma, I don't really know. I don't see anything particularly for or against the idea. what I do agree with him on, whether this "karma" (which is just another word for attraction) was perfect or blameless or not is not my judgement, but I do definitely agree that whatever it was (I think the negative numbers) produced a VERY attractive thing that persists to even this day.

the spirit of christ resided in the body of jesus, but not always, and while jesus' body was asleep, the etheric body of christ could travel around. at first the etheric body did not have definite shape, but with more and more time the etheric body came to resemble the physical body of jesus.

this sounds to me like a ... I don't know how to explain very well, but if you imagine three stages, you have the 6th ray (astral) entities that the gnostics call the archons, the kuthumi calls the INFECTED ONES, and I call the "fallen-angels" -- and I call them angels, because I believe in the society that was present on tiamat, it was a very high society with very good conditions and it attracted both the greedy with good conditions and generous with good conditions types (and quite possibly some or all were created, but the point is they were attracted)...

at any rate, there are greedy 6th rays that jump from body to body monopolising good conditions, and this is the constricting (ahriman) force designed to embody all of unwanted aspects.

what steiner is saying here (though I'm not fully on board with it yet), is that the mithraic solar initiation has now been made available to everybody -- and by everyone I mean everyone that wants it, but let's most importantly, let's note that everyone *includes* the fallen-angels.

the mithraic solar initiation is basically intiation into 4th ray perception, and steiner seems to display some proficiency in it himself, so far at least... so if 4th ray perception is the upgrade that is given to all of the 6th rays, you can see now that the next step for them is to keep going up to 2nd rays. in short, it looks like he's breeding more christ (2nd ray perception) spirits. they start out as the constricting spirit, but then they can make their way to becoming a christ spirits theirselves. that's my theory so far... I said, I didn't know how to explain very well, so hopefully future I'll expound on it... I can try a little bit now though...

if you look at the "christ" spirit, you'll see that one of its definining characteristics is not-good-enoughness. for example, in my own life I have often been hard on others in my desire for others to meet my performance expectations, but really, the person that I'm hardest on is myself. until only recently I had very high performance expectations for myself. this lead me to have various character defects where I would tell people the (very) optimistic version of my performance, rather than the reality version. another defect would be over emphasis and fear of failure. some things I didn't feel too afraid of failing at, but especially on certain subjects (probably the most visible would be girls), I simply would not even try unless I knew that I wouldn't fail. I had pretty high aspirations for myself, and if you were to look at my life, you would think that I was going soo well, but then it all just sorta fell apart. I really needed people to do things a certain way so that everything would run smoothely, but I hated to tell people what to do. telling people (including myself) what to do was very stressful and I didn't like it.

eventually, I came to hate everything 2nd ray, and kinda shut the whole thing down. because my life was so filled with performance failures, I had to find a different way to look at myself other than "not good enough". by learning to see how I was "good enough", it became possible for me to see connecctions between so many things, because "good enough" is just another way of seeing two or more things that harmonise together. I started to see connections all over the place, conspiracies all over the place... I've told the rest of the story about how I learned to feel the way I want to feel as well -- but the important point is that if I can start to see myself as "good enough" I can see it all around me in the world now, as well. my self-critical perception lightened, so that in the end I "saved myself".

if anyone were to look at me how I am now and see "christ-like" attributes (whatever that means), I think that's probably because I've lost a lot of my self-critical personality aspects (my own not-good-enoughness), and so I may appear very accepting to others that might think of theirselves as "not good enough" -- but I know more than anyone else that you can only save yourself. nobody else can do it for you without perpetuating more attraction of things to be saved from.

this concept is a bit preemptive and it's the first time I've expressed it fully. there is another connection between believing something outside of you (conditions or others) to be the saviour, but I couldn't integrate it into this rendering of the concept. condition seekers tend to all fall into this 2nd ray sort of perspective where they need a saviour of some kind (a product, a person, a job, or some circcumstance), but I've seen many people with all the conditions in the world and they're still miserable. the only thing that can save any one of these people is their own 5th ray perception (again it's the solar angel (5) connected to the 2nd ray aspect -- of which the sun is 2nd ray). sorry if that was unintelligible, but I don't know how to say it yet.


correlation between the apostles' altered state of consciousness and "COVID brain"

### 2023-04-14 00:51 - lectore-1 (reread)

- the christian impulse was captured and transmitted by uneducated people, and eventually culminated in great advances in science and materialism
- even people opposed to the christian impulse, seem to capture its notion, if only to behave in contrary to it (ie, using such same marketing and propagation techniques that spread the christian impulse, are now also being used by those opposing it as well)
  - meaning, that the fulcrum or the comparation point has been moved which produces the binary (the movement of extremes of good and evil -- for both the counter agency and the propnents of the christian impulse)
  - another way to look at this may be to see that the emission spectrum for thought is becoming more broader spectrum: by restricting some ideas, it forces the appearance of other ideas -- and, it's those ideas (some good and some bad), which cause us to exhaust the realm of possibilities; which, could be seen as a limiting or inhibiting force, but in reality it's a more exhaustive inquiry into what actually is the thing we're looking at.
    - said another way: humans tend to continue to use whatever's working, building habit, and so to move the fulcrum a bit altering the trajectory, forces a novel set of conclusions
    - we are, as is most demonstrably portrayed in modern science, reaching the limits of its novelty, growing largely into habit of taking the same approach/perspective to our interpretation of reality.
    - an an example: the monotheiestic "God" (and the idea of a saviour) reflected itself into the scientific pursuit of a monotheory of material reality (as a saviour from the bogus reality imposed by the christian reality), which then produced the modern notion of a materialistic scientific revolution, which then produces (like future failure of macro evolution of darwinism) the realisation of plato and aristotle's idea of concept and form.
- christ himself inhabited the hearts and minds of the people that both fought against and for christianity.
  - he took on many forms of many souls -- a sort of organism that spread itself into compatible hearts and minds
- pentecost event is what enabled the spread of the christ impulse in uneducated people that have no knowledge of how the impulse works
- the descent of the holy spirit and speaking in different tongues (inspiration), served as a creative impulse which created a moment in human evolution
  - he's saying that, the creative impulse of speaking in tongues (also found under psychedellic/shamanic conditions), happened to plain ordinary people in otherwise plain circumstances -- and the only thing really necessary was a sort of faith or belief in a power greater than your own

### 2023-04-14 01:37 - lecture 2 (reread)

- the apostles felt (on the day of pentecost) as if they were awakening from a deep (dream-filled) sleep
- up until that moment, they were sort of like automatons (npcs) going about their daily tasks in a sort of unconsciousness routine, not really aware of of the world around them
  - a non-resistant state, sort of like in a dream, where things are happening, like being inside of a story, just living out the events of a character without any real control over what's happening.
- in the moment that they woke up and regained consciousness, all of a sudden they felt a really deep "love" -- a sort of vibrance and newness toward life
  - again, this is something that happens often in psychedellic/shamanic circumstances, when all of a sudden the person breaks through the barrier of their mundane form of perception, and upon perceiving that even within the "normal" reality, there is so much amazing stuff happening, one cannot feel anything but a sense of *rapture* or intense *love* for everyone and everything around.
  - this "love" is the 2nd ray perspective, where everything appears to be connected in just the perfect most harmonious way even if otherwise it'd be considered "bad" (cause it's all attraction, therefore harmonious)
- although they had previously been "normal" individuals experiencing a mundane reality, now they're experiencing the supra-mundane perception, where everything now has a mechanism, a reason, an a guiding principle to it.
  - notice how this mechanistic (3rd ray) form of perception where everything has a reason and a meaning will ultimately cascade outward into bringing the scientific revolution.
  - the way that I feel the sensation he's describing, is kind of like the 4th ray (heart) form of perception, where they're looking at the world with 3rd ray perception, yet *at the same time* feeling such a tremendous love, rapture, and vibrance in everything everything that they're seeing. all things feel like they "make sense" together; which is pretty different to the mendane (only looking at the physical/material) form of perception.
    - it's pretty easy to see how the 2nd ray (everything's connected) is a further extension of this form of perception, where all things feel like they're there in perfect resonance and harmony to each other, creating the big-picture perceived across time and space.
- everyone felt as if they were able to understand each other
  - ...from the perspective of the other person, as if there were no inability to understand how the other person looks at the same thing because all the reasons why they're seeing/understanding the thing are being felt/perceived simultaneously.
- now, we're going to look at peter and how he now understands the events which happened at golgotha
- during the time of the "denial" peter's ordinary sense of consciousness faded and he was transported to *another world* where he remained in that abnormal dream-state
- images flooded into his mind as he awoke, something like how one remembers yesterday upon waking, to get an orientation of what "today" is.

### 2023-04-15 01:05 - lecture 2 (reread, continue)

- during (or right after) the "denial" peter's consciousnes drifted into one of the states that happens right before going to sleep, where suddenly the mind starts to wander, and abstract images (and possibly sounds) pass through the mind -- a sort of trance state -- but with not just images, but of higher dimensional forms and shapes
  - peter was experiencing a sort of psychedellic altered state of consciousness, where -- I don't know how it is for others, but for me, this is when things start to get really abstract, and it's kinda like that "living blackness" in that there are lots of incomprehensible things interacting. sometimes (like under ayahuasca, or while watching stars), I can get hyperbolic geometry and abstract colours and shapes appearing in my eyes, but generally, for me, it's a sense of a lot of things interacting which I'm not quite able to make out. I tend to associate this with tuning into another time or place other than the present (or perhaps a compression or movement in/of time).
- one event in particular (doesn't say what) he had been particularly unaware of and had fully slept through, and understanding of the event was only later possible under the influence of this feeling of cosmic love
  - his explanation of this reminds me of some of my episodes on MDMA and mushrooms, where I seemingly unlocked a part of my mind where now all of a sudden I was looking at a past event (or the culmination of past events) in my mind, and I don't really know if there were visuals or not, but the whole thing presented itself to me in a highly abstract way (I'm referring to raquel, tuenti, and the events which brought me to augusto's house), where now it seemed to me like they all happened *on purpose* and in tthat moment, it felt as if I understood them all, and I had a deep appreciation for the things that I was previously either upset about or couldn't understand or feel good about.
    - consider these blocked memories something like trauma, where, in those situations, we block them out -- because of the seeming "impossible odds" for such an event to occur make the events seem ununderstandable and unrecognisable because how could I possibly *want* that... but now, with the new perspective, I appreciate the traumatic events because they were precisely what I needed to arrive to this new present form of perception where I can see (and am experiencing) this prevailing and omnipresent cosmic love and feeling of well-being
    - (btw, I know that some people have had this sort of experience in pentecost/revival-like settings, but for me the combo of smoking MDMA and eating fresh mushrooms was what did it for me)
  - it's also important to note that perhaps the reason why he's skipping explanation of this event is because this is the scene in mark 14 where there's a naked boy with him in the garden, then peter (with a maid) denies christ 3 times and his cock crows twice -- so something much more here is happening, which he's sorta skipping over.
- he notes how strange it is to look through the minds/eyes of peter and others as they gathered there for the "whitsun festival" (around the time of the denial and capture of jesus).
  - whitsun as in "white sun"? I have noticed how much more white the sun looks (instead of yellow) and how incredibly white daylight is as well (like burning magnesium or welding light)
- he notes that possibly in the future it'll be possible to make sense of these strange occurances around events on golgotha, when we've become more free and no longer expecting to see things, but can just let the images come.
- he expects scientific understanding to scoff at the idea of a sort of "darkening" of the earth
  - to me, this sort of makes sense, and the way that I see it, is essentially like this:
    - I've claimed that something major happened (I said after the last supper, but he's not saying when exactly here) which dramatically changed jesus' perception. his nature and character change dramatically as he starts to curse the fig tree and stuff like that.
  - a person with a very strong sense of perception has a dramatic effect on the environment and how it's perceived by those around them. like, for example with me I *know* that other people see the world differently when they're around me, because I've noticed it in people's reactions -- and I'm sure that nosebook does their best to limit the effects that I have on others' vision around me, but I could easily imagine that the whole world is much brighter and more vibrant around me.
  - therefore, when jesus' perception changed (in whatever event that was around the time of the last supper), there would be a darkening, if he lost some of his perception (which is what I believe happened, which allowed him to *attract* his death) -- and then there would be another really big darkening around the time of his death -- simply because his aura is no longer lighting everything up and making everything more vibrant in his perception.
    - I (personally) attributed this incredible loss in perception to a woman, as that's how it's historically happened for me (various times), but I believe dr-ammon is presenting the idea that there may have been boys and gay sex involved as well. I personally don't know how much gay sex changes a person's perception, because I don't have any gay friends (or really anyone) that I can get any reliable information from. I suspect it does though, as I believe it's the penis that is the energicically receptive organ (like a tesla coil).
- he says the physical sun was darkened over golgotha and palestine
  - I concur with this idea, as I've mentioned elsewhere that the way that one connects and relates concepts together makes a sort of brightening of things -- like you know how when you're looking at something and something stands out to you, having a sort of lustre to it which I believe is either in UV, x-ray or beyond in frequency -- and that brightness is 2nd ray and has something to do with the sun; it's the physical impression that desire has on something. a good example is a person that seemingly "glows" just after having particularly good sex.
- he notes that this darkening that happened, is the same as during a solar eclipse: during that time everything looks different and loses a sort of quality to it, which is most apparent in living things, art, and human creations, and least apparent in industrial and machine creations. a sort of glow that is given by the sun (see above)
  - it's the glowing essence of human effort that can be seen or felt in music and all the visual arts (the aura or essence of a thing).
  - I believe these things can be seen by people with their "inner eye" (ie, astral/spectral) -- and though I don't really experience it visually, I intuit these properties by "seeing" them, and so therefore recognise it as a real thing.
- he then relates an epic simile: as humankind gathers knowledge, this can be seen in the brightness of the moon, but as the moon passes in front of the sun, the light darkens -- so too then was all of the efforts of all the philosophers that came after plato and aristotle darkened the light coming from plato and aristotle.
  - here he's relating that the eclipse of the sun is like what happened here in the golgotha scene, where somehow the accumulation of human perception seemingly prevented the vitality-producing light from the sun from coming though.
  - I can add on to his simile here in a way which illuminates it further: the astral body is where we keep our "memory" and and our synthesis of time (sequence of events and such), so when one has accumulated a very strong astral body with a lot of stuff going on, this is sort of like clouds going in front of the sun: the sun didn't disappear and is still shining at full radiance behind the clouds, yet in the perspective of the person behind the clouds, it's a dreary day; yet, that drearyness is only the clouded because of all of the memories and temporal misinterpretations.
    - as an example: for me, memory is very different here in the USA than it was for me in spain. I even experienced memory differently in germany when I was there; as, it seems that these different places and the land/geology itself seemingly has an astral presence to it, whereby those memories local to that area can be accessed.
    - some smells, songs, stories, and places seemingly have an astral presence to them as well, which the memories associated with those can be accessed easier.
    - after some time, the brain stops resonating with these astral presences, much like how the astral body of a person will hang around so long as people keep accessing that memory -- but it does fade with time (usually during sleep), and when it does, they get turned into more simple and easier to access concepts which resume the whole memory into a single feeling which expresses the entire person/place/event in a single feeling/idea.
- he relates that our highest frequency, clearest access to the most spiritual aspects of reality are clouded and obscured by "knowledge" that we've accumulated since then.
- he relates another epic simile: just as human experience held in the moon/astral, obscures the vital essence of the sun, so too did the mystery of golgotha obscured certain aspcets of higher spiritual understanding/message of/from the sun
  - not sure exactly what he's referring to, but I have to presume, he's relating the obscuring of higher spiritual aspects to be related to the "christ impulse" like how he related that even darwin's theory of evolution to also furthers the "christ impulse".
- he then relates that there are really powerful images which force theirselves on the clairvoyant, the first is jesus hanging on the cross between the two theives; the second, is the image of jesus being taken down from the cross and put into the tomb. these images are so moving and symbolic, that you're shaken inwardly like the earthquake that occured during the resurrection
  - these moving images remind me of something that I experienced when I watched the titanic movie when I was younger. I remember being extremely sad as I watched this completely *unbelievable* situation of jack sinking into the water while rose stayed alive. I think I nearly cried in the theatre -- and I remembered it because I hadn't ever felt so strongly about something in my life beforehand. fast-forward a few decades later and I perfectly understand why that image was so moving: (that movie came out before my brain surgery, so I still had astral vision then), and what they are is symbols that are activated by the mind's accessing of a concept, which depending on your perception, will produce an emotional response.
    - another example of this was when I first read the book of job or read the book "holes" -- where the symbol of having to perform a useless and thankless task without any recompense was a concept in my pre-installed perception that was attached to extreme sadness (obviously, now it doesn't cause me to feel sadness).
  - story and movie writers (especially the ones in hollywood) know how to imbue these symbolic sequences with a *meaning* (a conceptual/emotional response) -- and when you follow the symbolic sequence, the meaning attached to the symbol, is perceived, which produces an emotion.
    - another example of this were the "earnest" movies -- where the symbols of earnest in various antics was extremely hilarious to me as a kid, however nowadays they are not, because I don't care if adults end up with food on their face after trying to hold a kid back (for example).
    - another (extremely obvious) example of this would be some of shakespere's dialogue (and a lot of other notable mentions are in 1611 KJV) where the words used activate certain symobols (like ferdinand moving logs thanklessly or helena telling of how much she loves bertram) which have the symbols (of self-sacrfice or naivity) which activate emotions in the listener -- and these emotions are produced by the symbols.
  - the symbol of jesus hanging on the cross is a powerful symbol, because he was not a thief, yet here he is hanging there between two other theives, when all everyone did since then was steal his stuff and manipulate it to their advantage (the two beside him are convicted for the same punishment that is being done to him).
  - when looking at this symbol from a LOA perspective, it's easy to see why the symbols are so moving: when you feel sadness or any other discord inside, it means that you're interpretting the meaning of the symbol all wrong.
    - a similar thing happened when I watched the movie "encanto" and bruno was exiled and pushed away. there was a strong feeling -- and I felt like it was coming from an astral image that I couldn't see, which was basically telling me to feel really sad because he's being rejected, and so my heart (4th ray, specral) is looking at the image incorrectly, and so it's causing me a *physical/visceral* sensation of sadness -- however, I know that this is an artificially induced feeling (probably over nosebook, because they use nosebook to "enhance" their movies) because the way I *really feel* (ie, my conceptual body, not physical body) does not at all feel sadness from that symbolic sequence (it can feel the big-picture).
  - what I believe is happening here is that steiner is tuning into these things (conceptually), and because he has clairvoyant (4th ray) perception, he gets these symbolic images forced upon him along with the feeling associated with it, just like I experienced in encanto, titanic, the book of job, and and a bunch of other stories/media.
  - I am sure that someone is using these symbolic images to hide (just like he says he saw in peter's experience around the "denial") what is really happening.
    - it's interesting that he can't look beyond the images here though, as I feel like his own belief system relating to those symbols is what's preventing him from looking behind those images; and also why they're forcing themselves on his vision.
    - I have a feeling that the romans (catholic church) upper management (archons) imbued these images with a lot of emotional power so that they'd be effective at pulling people emotionally (just like hollywood (and probably nosebook does)). the visceral feeling of "unfairness" and mistreatment of a well-behaving person, would resonate well with a lot of poor and unprivileged people.
- after saying that there possibly could be a scientific explanation to the images, he repeats the image sequence:
  1. jesus dies on the cross (between two thieves)
  2. darkness falls on the earth
  3. jesus' dead body placed inside of a tomb
  4. a tremor shakes the earth and the body gets swallowed by the earth by falling into a crack
  5. another tremor closes the crack and flings the stone in front of the tomb aside, opening it for everyone to see
- says that the image sequence is "actual events"
  - to me, all of these images are all highly symbolic -- and while he relates that they are "actual events", I have my doubts: as they're likely nothing more than a dream sequence or a good story produced by the hollywood of that day designed to move the viewer.
  - keep in mind that some of these images are *only* found in matthew (the solomon bloodline) -- and soloman is important because we all know (or at least I do) that solomans temple and ark is the Rose.
    - just like seriah plays with the boys and with a bunch of images or tesla operating his motors in 3d space, I'm convinced that the matthew story is nothing more than astral imagery projected into 3d space (the vega side of things). these guys live in that saturnian alternate reality space. I also believe this alternate saturnian system in vega the source for dr-ammon's pedo jesus as well.
    - meaning, they were "real events" *on another world*, just like it's quite possible that king saul, david and solomon were also all "real events" that happened *on another world* -- as in, the symbols of those events played out on earth differently than they played out in vega, and so for those that experience the astral world, they were "real events" (as real as the mind makes them, anyway).
      - I'm not trying to take away from the realness of the events, but I'm only trying to illustrate that in a highly energetic environment (like a powerful drug experience), one person could be experiencing the shaman's symbols in a very pleasant way, while others are having a very different experience. (both very "real" and meaningful)
- he then says that we can only penetrate the "truth" of this mystery with clairvoyant vision.
  - I strongly disagree for the following reasons:
  - there are infinite timelines that can arrive a person to the present. the timeline that he's being directed to see is an adjusted one -- and this is a saturnian 4th ray sort of thing, where certain symbols (3rd ray) are perceived in the infinite set of possibilities, and then those symbols are given much stronger emotional/conceptual weight through ritual, sex magick, or strong emotional focus (my intuition says that this is linked to gay sex), and so then people that are emotionally more sympathetic to those symbols will perceive that timeline more probable than the others.
    - I know that nosebook does this to me every time that I go to sleep, because while I sleep, I'm subjected to symbols, and in that non-resistant state (cause usually I don't care because I'm also on-board with going with the "worst" manifestastion), I move to another timeline. I wake up feeling good about a new set of symbols, and I notice subtle (but inconsequential) changes to me where reality is a little bit different.
    - a good example of this would probably be becky's mother's death -- as for me it doesn't matter either way, but for some reason the emotion associated with me telling her that I don't think she's as good at feeling the way she wants to feel about her mom situation was a less risky/velocity situation for her -- cause imagine if she was free from her mom, and now being free of that, she can focus on what she wants (instead of her mom), it may have added more acceleration into the situation.
    - another good exaple would be my recent delve into christianty (including this fifth-gospel), and dr. ammon's videos because their broadcast is inevitably producing emotions in the viewers that are causing others to pass through symbolically sympathetic timelines, thereby slowing the whole thing down (for how long, I have no idea), but so long as others stay resonant with those emotionally attractive symbols on the timeline, we'll keep taking detours.
  - steiner here is stating emphatically that he believes what he sees.
    - I know for certain that one should not believe what they see, because those images (especially if they produce visceral/physical emotion) are not how your big-picture/source (transcending time and space) sees the same thing.
    - for example, he's looking at the picture of jesus dying in the same way as two thieves, equating him with theives, and that looks/feels tragic -- and so he'll keep living life experiences where he sees people with good behaviour being punished along with the ones with bad behaviour (or some other behavioural asymmetry) -- until, of course, he sees the "big-picture"
      - which interestingly he's doing in these lectures by noticing the "christ impulse" and how it's systematically produced materialism and rapid advances in science
    - thereby, when one sees the big-picture, you can now see how the end justifies the means. (or, perceive the whole journey and not just the destination or any single one of the events along the way)
    - steiner (or anyone that believes what they see) is too focused on the gritty details of that single image/event, and doesn't perceive the full effect that it has as it cascades out affecting future events (like he said about darwinism bringing about consciousness of spiritual/conceptual macro evolution).

(ending for now pp. 22)

### 2023-05-08 04:44 - lecture 2 (reread, continue)

- we can only figure out what happened by looking through the perspective of peter or one of the other apostles who experienced the all-prevailing love at pentecost event
- looking into the souls of peter and the apostles is the way that he can see the events:
  1. the cross raised between two thieves
  2. darkening of earth
  3. earthquakes that followed
- for peter the events crystalised out of the deep sleep
  - that is, when he awoke, he had (like one waking up) the recall of these events (as if they were what happened)
- before peter awoke, he didn't know of the golgotha events, but upon the pentecostal awakening, he realised that they did indeed happen
  - this sounds extremely suspicious to me...
  - what it sounds like to me like, is that the pentecost event was something that really did happen on earth (to make the connection), but the golgotha event was something that only happened in vega
    - those of the romans that wanted/needed jesus to die for a kind of bailout, essentially got moved over to vega where things move a little quicker there.
    - since we share the same symbols, but earth is energetically less, we'll have the same event happen on the lower octave (1024y ago)
      - if this idea here is correct, then time resonances are happening at the octaves, so the entire narrative that was built up (by the church) in the 1024y since the golgotha event, will have a seeming narrative equivalent happening around ~1070ce (+/-30y), and then the narrative equivaelent (but to a much more diminished degree) will happen again at 512, and so on, each time less impactful, but similar to the narrative (also the harmonics: 3rds, 5ths, etc.)
  - I think peter is earthly, and these memories are probably implanted memories of "real events" that happened in vega.
    - by peter believing in these events, he connected the two earths together so that they're now "synchronised" and so now the "christ impulse" (that is the new 2nd ray perspective) can be realised here on earth and on vega.
      - the thing is, that the big-picture perspective there on vega isn't yet what's happening here on earth.
      - it occurs to me now that it may take another ~1000y or so for "jesus" to show up and complete the events (the crucifixion and death symbols) that peter believed were real. that explains a lot...
- peter realises the events as real, but most importantly, that his dying was actually a birth of the spirit which is now being poured out
- a tremendous truth came to peter: *the death on the cross was only apparent*; in reality this death, preceded by infinite suffering, was a birth for the whole earth of the spirit that entered into his soul like a ray.
- the apostles state of soul at that time was such that they could only participate in the death of jesus (of nazareth) in an *abnormal state of consciousness*.
- whole period of golgotha to pentecost was in dreaam-state:
  - garden of gethsemane is where they lost "normal" consciousness and entered into the dream-like state
  - especially the 10 days from ascension til pentecost, they were in a profound sleep.

### 2023-05-08 11:13 - lecture 2 (reread, continue)

- as the images of the events in those 50 days started to come back, they simply didn't recognise the jesus that they were seeing in the memories; they would ask theirselves, "is this the guy that we were with?"
  - they were walking and interacting with a different jesus in the "realm of the spirit"
- they realised that for those 40 days they were walking and interacting with a new much more spiritul jesus that was born "on the cross" (does he mean after the resurrection?)
  - in their normal state of consciousness, they simply could not have been able to understand or comprehend the things that jesus was teaching them.
  - only after their transformation/awakening in the pentecost event, were they able to comprehend such profound spiritual teachings
    - these kinds of profound and meaningful events happen when the brain is a very high frequency and can perceive many connections between the concepts at once, whereas in a slower mental state, the concepts appear separated and not connected.
- the question is: "how did they know it's the same guy as before the galgotha event?"
- he explains how they came to recognise them:
  - first there were images of the events that happened with the the physical jesus, then
  - superimposed on top of the physical image, there was a spiritual jesus (that looks nothing like the physical one) that is elaborating at the same time the very same events, but in a much more profound and spiritual way.
  - those images of the spiritual and the physical jesus performing the same events, but at differeng levels of perception eventually came to be associated with each other, and they saw the two jesuses as one and the same (just different levels of awareness)
    - obviously this explanation fits perfectly with my theory of the spiritual one being vega jesus, and then the physical one is the earthly jesus
- steiner's personal remarks regarding how he thinks his investivation will prove useful in the future (even though it is only a "hint")
- steiner didn't find christ through the church, but through tthe spirit, and so therefore wants to continue the exploration and discovery of the christ through the spiritual instead of religious lens the church provides

### 2023-05-09 03:11 - lecture 3 (reread)

- the apostles "woke up" with the images, but it wasn't just the images that composed in them the whole "fifth gospel" (vega) experience, but that the whole experience lived in them as "a direct living experience: a feeling and power of the soul" (an experience as if it were really something they lived: a concept/feeling/experience)
  - the words that they spoke (and the power behind their words) came from that experience was alive in them
  - the apostles themselves had gone through a sort of resurrection (a rebirthing) into that all-prevailing cosmic love and all their work hencefourth reflected that
- to understand the christ spirit, let's start with the baptism of john in the jordan
  - this is the conception of the life of christ, much like the conception of a human being on earth
  - his life from the baptism until the mystery of golgotha is similar to the time of an embryo in its mother's womb
  - the mystery of golgotha has to be considered the birthing from physical into spritual into the christ spirit here on earth
    - when he says this, I get the sense that he's speaking in a way which says that jesus went from having a physical body, but then when that was done away with, he became a sort of omni-present spirit in and on the earth -- inhabiting, to some extent every living aspect.
  - then, he went around teaching the apostles who were in the altered state of consciousness at that time, then ascension and then finally the pouring out of the spirit
    - when he says this part, there is a notably quite a solar aspect to this little bit here (and kinda some genesis imagery too), where at first he existed as a sort of spirit hovering over the earth, but then after the ascension, he rose up in the direction of the sun, but then (like a massive solar flare?) eventually there was this massive "pouring out of the spirit"
      - on that topic, I have a lot of suspitions that the pentecost event was a solar event. as a reference, in velikovsky's unpublished book (forgot the name), there's a story how just prior to the flood, there were these 7 days (likely it was shorter than that, cause there wouldn't be any nighttime) where the entire planet was in a hightened consciousness state -- and everything was super duper good until all of a sudden it just started raining endlessly for quite some time.
        - the explanation for that is that earth has lots of oxygen and CMEs produce a lot of hydrogen -- mix the two with enough energy and you get a lot of water
        - the heightened state of mind comes from the sun; I know I experience higher states of mind when solar activity increases, as it seems that concepts are frequencies higher than x-rays -- which then also causes "mutations in DNA" and spontaneously appearing new organisms.
      - if the "pouring out of the spirit" is a large solar flare, those are massive outbursts of x-ray and higher frequencies -- which I belive to be the frequency range of concepts -- meaning that this "pouring out of the spirit" was just a tremendous influx of new concepts and symbols into the world (and solar) consciousness we live inside of (the "matrix")
  - the continued life of christ in the earth sphere can be compared to what the human soul experiences in "devachan"
    - when he says this, I'm reminded of the ionosphere, where it's like this spherical layer around the earth where all sorts of concepts live and exist. sometimes the project downward into the astral or physical, but -- well, read dtp for a description of it -- but basically your thoughts and desires manifest instantly; meaning, that your reality reflects you there, and so you go up there to find yourself conceptually, until you get bored again and want to mix it up -- and so that's when you (as dtp gives the image of): precipitate back to earth and incarnate again
    - anyway, there's another pretty important thing to note here, which is that this description of the "spiritual jesus" he keeps giving reminds me a lot of vulcan/zarathustra. let's just say it is, because I think it is, and let's just assume that the ionosphere is a layer that was added sometime when "the blacksmith tricked the devil/satan", -- and so now what we have is the (4th ray) saturian sphere around earth being entirely powered (this time) by physical (plasma) concepts in the ionosphere -- like a sort of massive computer that organises time based on concept and emotion, instead of symbol like how it was before under the reign of jupiter, and reimplemented by hera/ganymede.
    - essentially, what he's saying here is that this christ spirit is now a mediating layer between earth and the sun which is entirely spiritual (conceptual) -- and from that position as mediator between earth and sun, he can project down those things of the christ's spirit in the form of concept and emotion (hence his connecting it to the scientific revolution)
  - therefore, when it comes to understanding the christ spirit we must rearrange all of our concepts regarding the sequence of stages in human life:
    - after a short interval (known as the purification), human souls enter into the world of spirit (devachan) where they prepare for their next life on earth --thus, we live in spirit after death
    - at the end of one's incarnation in the spirit/conceptual, one finds theirself incarnating into physical again, and then at the end of physical incarnation one finds theirself incarnated into spirit/conceptual again (like precipitation cycle where moisture stays in the layer and then evaporates to fall/rise to the opposite)
  - the sacrifice was to come to earth and to link earth with heaven, and give the impulse to drive (lead/attract/push?) humanity toward the future

### 2023-05-09 05:24 - lecture 3 (reread, continue)

- christ left heaven to come to earth
  - consider the image of the ionosphere and from earth, when we die we evaporate upward until we condensate into a form on the inside of the ionosphere. incarnated into form there, we continue to lighten up until we're feeling unbounded desire for something new (not just a reflection of myself) and so again we evaporate upward, and condensate into form on earth.
    - I'm making the distinction here because the saturnian, jupiterian, or solar perspective is from the outside looking down through the lens of heaven (that lens consequently is very similar to the fibers in the eye, which produce images and enhance or make certain concepts blurry) -- and it's through that lens that these outsiders looking in see (again, like the fibers in the eye), these concepts in the ionosphere produce an image, and so saturn, jupiter, the moon, etc. are all looking at an image contructed from the vibrations of the concepts (just like our concepts vibrate the eye fibers)
  - consider the idea of a concept/egregore (or whatever you want to call a manifestation) projecting itself down into earth. most concepts exist only in the mind, but as they propagate outwards through narrative, storytelling, culture, music, news, etc. these concepts start to take on a life of their own, and they will eventually have enough pressure (probably provided by the sun) and attraction from us to become manifest into physical.
  - the idea of christ or any other concept becoming manifest is not at all out of my realm of perception, as for me, I believe that vulcan (or elijah/mars/JtB, or puma/panther/raven/owl/ishtar/aphrodite) is not actually any any single being, but a concept that is actually summoned by the environment to be able to interact in the native culture/environment, and so that's why you have the same concept appearing differently to different culture and ethnic groups (like a chameleon): vulcan, ganymede, hera, paul, zarathustra, etc. -- and these are only just a template of what we are like too when we're "born out of the spirit" -- as we too (as a summoned concept) will take on the attributes of the culture and society that surrounds us as we "go fourth to all of the nations".
    - it's this concept that I believe steiner is referring to when he says that some aspect of ourselves now has become a part of christ, in that we are all (now) born out of the spirit -- which I find extremely interesting, because when he says "spirit", he clearly means the conceptual realm -- a sort of "species" of manifestations of a single concept/genera -- and in addition to that the conceptual realm is also *still physical*. these are plasma forms that respond to magnetism, light, sound, etc and behave entirely like a physical substance; we're now released from the "unchanging" forms oppressing us from above (3rd ray), and so because each concept is just a feeling (containing a spectrum a symbols), our novel concepts and ideas, *require* new forms to be created to accomodate them. forms are static and unchanging, but concepts are constantly changing kinda like the physical, and resonate with ideas.
    - ttherefore, IMO, what this appears to be all about is perspective: I can see the world through the conceptual lens (inside-out) and see what I want to see, or I can choose to see the world from the outside-in and see everything as it appears to be (based on my forms and symbols).
    - I can perfectly imagine that I might be behind such a work -- because clearly, this is exactly what I would want: which is an earth that contains physical things constantly being born out of our own concepts -- each one not necessarily moving according to a formula, but according to their resonance with "me" and the concepts I'm focused on (essentially instant reflection/manifestation).
    - as a result, *all* aspects of our physical reality begin to take on the form of our concepts made manifest (magic or science if you want to look at it that way).
- to understand the pentecost event, we need to look at the raising of the soul (in perception) through the persian mithras mysteries:
  - "raven"
  - "occult person", symbolically: "secret one"
  - "fighter"
  - "lion"
  - (name of the culture/people he belonged to)
  - "sun hero"
  - "father"
