# The Acts of Paul and Thecla
*Translated probably by Jeremiah Jones, (1693-1724)*

Thecla's story is one of many in the Apocryphal Acts which portray women giving up riches and sexual activity to follow the Apostles.

She is an aristocratic woman who, despite great opposition, upon hearing the preaching of Paul, renounces her family and fiance to follow him. She eventually becomes a missionary and lives out her life teaching the gospel.

### CHAPTER 1

When Paul went up to Iconium after his flight from Antioch, Demas and Hermogenes became his companions, who were then full of hypocrisy.

But Paul looked only at the goodness of God and did them no harm, but loved them greatly. Accordingly, he endeavored to make agreeable to them all the oracles and doctrines of Christ, and the design of the Gospel of God's well-beloved Son, instructing them in the knowledge of Christ as it was revealed to him. And a certain man named Onesiphorus, hearing that Paul was coming to Iconium, went out speedily together with his wife Lectra and his sons Simmia and Zeno, to meet him and invite him to their house.

For Titus had given them a description of Paul's personage, for as yet they did not know him in person but were only acquainted with his character. They went in the king's highway to Lystra and stood there waiting for him, comparing all who passed by with that description which Titus had given them.

At length they saw a man coming (namely Paul), of a small stature with meeting eyebrows, bald [or shaved] head, bow- legged, strongly built, hollow-eyed, with a large crooked nose; he was full of grace, for sometimes he appeared as a man, sometimes he had the countenance of an angel. And Paul saw Onesiphorus and was glad.

And Onesiphorus said: Hail, servant of the blessed God. Paul replied, The grace of God be with you and your family. But Demas and Hermogenes were moved with envy, and under a show of great religion, Demas said, And are not we also servants of the blessed God? Why did you not salute us?

Onesiphorus replied, Because I have not perceived in you the fruits of righteousness; nevertheless, if you are of that sort, you shall be welcome to my house also.

Then Paul went to the house of Onesiphorus, and there was great joy among the family on that account; and they employed themselves in prayer, breaking bread, and hearing Paul preach the word of God concerning temperance and the resurrection, in the following manner:
>
> Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God.
>
> Blessed are they who keep their flesh undefiled, for they shall be the temple of God.
>
> Blessed are the temperate, for God will reveal himself to them.
>
> Blessed are they that abandon their secular enjoyments, for they shall be accepted of God.
>
> Blessed are they who have wives, as though they had them not, for they shall be made angels of God.
>
> Blessed are they who tremble at the word of God, for they shall be comforted.
>
> Blessed are they who keep their baptism pure, for they shall find peace with the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit.
>
> Blessed are they who pursue the doctrine of Jesus Christ, for they shall be called the sons of the Most High.
>
> Blessed are they who observe the instructions of Jesus Christ, for they shall dwell in eternal light.
>
> Blessed are they, who for the love of Christ abandon the glories of the world, for they shall judge angels, and be placed at the right hand of Christ, and shall not suffer the bitterness of the last judgment.
>
> Blessed are the bodies and souls of virgins, for they are acceptable to God and shall not lose the reward of their virginity, for the word of their Father shall prove effectual to their salvation in the day of his Son, and they shall enjoy rest forevermore.

### CHAPTER 2

While Paul was preaching this sermon in the church which was in the house of Onesiphorus, a certain virgin named Thecla (whose mother's name was Theoclia, and who was betrothed to a man named Thamyris) sat at a certain window in her house. From where, by the advantage of a window in the house where Paul was, she both night and day heard Paul's sermons concerning God, concerning charity, concerning faith in Christ, and concerning prayer; Nor would she depart from the window till with exceeding joy she was subdued to the doctrines of faith.

At length, when she saw many women and virgins going in to Paul, she earnestly desired that she might be thought worthy to appear in his presence and hear the word of Christ; for she had not yet seen Paul's person, but only heard his sermons. But when she would not be prevailed upon to depart from the window, her mother sent to Thamyris, who came with the greatest pleasure, as he hoped now to marry her. Accordingly he said to Theoclia, Where is my Thecla?

Theoclia replied, Thamyris, I have something very strange to tell you. Thecla, for the space of three days, will not move from the window not so much as to eat or drink, but is so intent in hearing the artful and delusive discourses of a certain foreigner, that I am completely astonished, Thamyris, that a young woman of her known modesty will suffer herself to be so prevailed upon. For that man has disturbed the whole city of Iconium, and even your Thecla, among others. All the women and young men flock to him to receive his doctrine; who, besides all the rest, tells them that there is but one God who alone is to be worshipped, and that we ought to live in chastity. Notwithstanding this, my daughter Thecla, like a spider's web fastened to the window, is captivated by the discourses of Paul, and attends upon them with prodigious eagerness and vast delight; and thus, by attending to what he says, the young woman is seduced. Now you go and speak to her, for she is betrothed to you.

Accordingly Thamyris went, and saluted her with care not to surprise her, and said, Thecla, my spouse, why are you sitting in this melancholy posture? What strange impressions are made upon you? Turn to Thamyris, and blush.

Her mother also spoke to her after the same manner and said, Child, why do you sit so melancholy, like one astonished, and make no reply?

Then they wept exceedingly: Thamyris, that he had lost his future spouse; Theoclia, that she had lost her daughter; and the maids, that they had lost their mistress; and there was universal mourning in the family. But all these things made no impression on Thecla to incline her so much as to turn and take notice of them, for she continued to contemplate on the discourses of Paul.

Then Thamyris ran into the street to observe who they were who went in to Paul and came out from him; and he saw two men engaged in a very warm dispute, and said to them; Sirs, what business have you here? And who is that man within, belonging to you, who deludes the minds of men, both young men and virgins, persuading them that they ought not to marry but continue as they are?

I promise to give you a considerable sum if you will give me a just account of him, for I am the chief person of this city.

Demas and Hermogenes replied, We cannot so exactly tell who he is, but we know that he deprives young men of their intended wives, and virgins of their intended husbands, by teaching, There can be no future resurrection, unless you continue in chastity and do not defile your flesh.

### CHAPTER 3

Then Thamyris said, Come along with me to my house and refresh yourselves. So they went to a very splendid entertainment where there was wine in abundance and very rich provision. They were brought to a table richly spread, and made to drink plentifully by Thamyris, on account of the love he had for Thecla and his desire to marry her.

Then Thamyris said, I desire you would inform me what the doctrines of this Paul are, that I may understand them; for I have no small concern about Thecla, seeing she so delights in that stranger's discourses that I am in danger of losing my intended wife. Then Demas and Hermogenes together answered and said, Let him be brought before the governor Castellius as one who endeavors to persuade the people into the new religion of the Christians, and he, according to the order of Caesar, will put him to death, by which means you will obtain your wife; While we at the same time will teach her that the resurrection that he speaks of is already come and consists in our having children, and that we then arose again when we came to the knowledge of God.

Upon getting this account from them, Thamyris was filled with hot resentment, And rising early in the morning he went to the house of Onesiphorus, attended by the magistrates, the jailor, and a great multitude of people with staves, and said to Paul; You have perverted the city of Iconium, and among the rest, Thecla, who is betrothed to me, so that now she will not marry me. You must therefore go with us to the governor Castellius. And all the multitude cried out, Away with this impostor, for he has perverted the minds of our wives, and all the people pay attention to him.

### CHAPTER 4

Then Thamyris stood before the governor's judgment-seat and spoke with a loud voice in the following manner. O governor, I know not where this man comes from, but he is one who teaches that matrimony is unlawful. Command him therefore to declare before you for what reason he publishes such doctrines.

While he was saying thus, Demas and Hermogenes whispered to Thamyris and said: Say that he is a Christian, and he will presently be put to death. But the governor was more deliberate, and calling to Paul, he said, Who are you? What do you teach? They seem to lay gross crimes to your charge. Paul then spoke with a loud voice saying, As I am now called to give an account of my doctrines, O governor, I desire your audience. That God, who is a God of vengeance, and who stands in need of nothing but the salvation of his creatures, has sent me to reclaim them from their wickedness and corruptions, from all sinful pleasures, and from death; and to persuade them to sin no more. On this account, God sent his Son Jesus Christ, whom I preach, and in whom I instruct men to place their hopes as that only person who had such compassion on the deluded world, that it might not be condemned, O governor, but have faith, the fear of God, the knowledge of religion, and the love of truth. So that if I only teach those things which I have received by revelation from God, where is my crime?

When the governor heard this, he ordered Paul to be bound and to be put in prison till he could be more at leisure to hear him more fully. But in the night, Thecla took off her earrings and gave them to the turnkey of the prison, who then opened the doors to her and let her in; And when she made a present of a silver looking-glass to the jailor, she was allowed to go into the room where Paul was; then she sat down at his feet and heard from him the great things of God.

And as she perceived Paul not to be afraid of suffering, but that by divine assistance he behaved himself with courage, her faith so far increased that she kissed his chains.

### CHAPTER 5

At length Thecla was missed and sought for by the family and by Thamyris in every street as though she had been lost, but one of the porter's fellow-servants told them that she had gone out in the night.

Then they examined the porter and he told them that she was gone to the prison to the strange Man. They therefore went according to his direction and found her there; and when they came out, they got a mob together and went and told the governor all that happened. Then he ordered Paul to be brought before his judgment-seat.

Thecla in the meantime lay wallowing on the ground in the prison, in that same place where Paul had sat to teach her. Then the governor also ordered her to be brought before his judgment-seat. She received the summons with joy and went. When Paul was brought there, the mob cried out with more vehemence, He is a magician, so let him die.

Nevertheless the governor attended with pleasure upon Paul's discourses of the holy works of Christ, and after calling together a council, he summoned Thecla and said to her, Why do you not, according to the law of the Iconians, marry Thamyris?

She stood still with her eyes fixed upon Paul, and finding she made no reply, Theoclia her mother cried out, Let the unjust creature be burned; let her be burned in the midst of the theatre for refusing Thamyris, so all women may learn from her to avoid such practices. Then the governor was exceedingly concerned and ordered Paul to be whipped out of the city and Thecla to be burned.

So the governor arose and went immediately into the amphitheater; and all the people went forth to see the dismal sight. But Thecla, just as a lamb in the wilderness looks every way to see his shepherd, looked around for Paul; And as she was looking upon the multitude, she saw the Lord Jesus in the likeness of Paul, and said to herself, Paul has come to see me in my distressed circumstances. And she fixed her eyes upon him, but he instantly ascended up to heaven while she looked on him.

Then the young men and women brought wood and straw for the burning of Thecla; who, being brought naked to the stake, extorted tears from the governor, who was surprised to see the greatness of her beauty. And when they had placed the wood in order, the people commanded her to go upon it, and she did so, first making the sign of the cross. Then the people set fire to the pile; though the flame was exceeding large, it did not touch her, for God took compassion on her and caused a great eruption from the earth beneath, and a cloud from above to pour down great quantities of rain and hail; So that by the rupture of the earth, very many were in great danger and some were killed, but the fire was extinguished and Thecla preserved.

### CHAPTER 6

In the meantime Paul, together with Onesiphorus, his wife and children, was keeping a fast in a certain cave which was in the road from Iconium to Daphne. And when they had fasted for several days, the children said to Paul, Father, we are hungry and have nothing with which to buy bread; for Onesiphorus had left all his substance to follow Paul with this family. Then Paul, taking off his coat, said to the boy, Go, child, and buy bread, and bring it back. But while the boy was buying the bread, he saw his neighbor Thecla and was surprised, and said to her, Thecla, where are you going?

She replied, I am in search of Paul, having been delivered from the flames. Then the boy said, I will take you to him, for he is greatly concerned on your account, and has been in prayer and fasting these six days. When Thecla came to the cave, she found Paul upon his knees praying and saying, O Lord Jesus Christ, grant that the fire may not touch Thecla, but be her helper, for she is your servant.

Thecla, standing behind him, cried out in the following words: O sovereign Lord, Creator of heaven and earth, the Father of your beloved and holy Son, I praise you that you have preserved me from the fire to see Paul again. Paul then arose and when he saw her, said, O God, who searches the heart, Father of my Lord Jesus Christ, I praise you that you have answered my prayer. And there prevailed among them in the cave an entire affection to each other; Paul, Onesiphorus, and all that were with them were filled with joy.

They had five loaves, with some herbs and water, and they solaced each other in reflections upon the holy works of Christ. Then said Thecla to Paul, If you be pleased with it, I will follow you wherever you go. He replied to her, Persons are now much given to fornication, and you being handsome, I am afraid you might meet with greater temptation than the former one, and would not withstand it, but be overcome.

Thecla replied, Grant me only the seal of Christ, and no temptation shall affect me. Paul answered, Thecla, wait with patience, and you will receive the gift of Christ.

### CHAPTER 7

Then Paul sent back Onesiphorus and his family to their own home, and taking Thecla along with him, he went to Antioch; And as soon as they came into the city, a certain Syrian named Alexander, a magistrate in the city, who had done many considerable services for the city during his magistracy, saw Thecla and fell in love with her, and endeavored by many rich presents to engage Paul in his interest. But Paul told him, I do not know the woman of whom you speak, nor does she belong to me.

But he, being a person of great power in Antioch, seized her in the street and kissed her; which Thecla would not bear, but looking about for Paul, cried out in a distressed loud tone, Force me not, who am a stranger; force me not, who am a servant of God; I am one of the principal persons of Iconium, and was obliged to leave that city because I would not be married to Thamyris.

Then she laid hold on Alexander, tore his coat, and took his crown off his head, and made him appear ridiculous before all the people. But Alexander, partly because he loved her and partly being ashamed of what had been done, led her to the governor; and upon her confession of what she had done, he condemned her to be thrown among the beasts.

### CHAPTER 8

When the people saw this, they said: The judgments passed in this city are unjust. But Thecla desired only the favor of the governor that her chastity might not be attacked, but preserved till she should be cast to the beasts. The governor then inquired who would lodge her, and a certain very rich widow named Trifina, whose daughter was lately dead, asked that she might have the keeping of her; and she began to treat her in her house as her own daughter. At length a day came when the beasts were to be brought forth to be seen, and Thecla was brought to the amphitheater in the presence of a multitude of spectators, and put into a den in which was an exceeding fierce she-lion.

Trifina, without any surprise, accompanied Thecla, and the she-lion licked the feet of Thecla. The title written which denoted her crime was Sacrilege. Then the woman [Trifina] cried out, O God, the judgments of this city are unrighteous. After the beasts had been shown, Trifina took Thecla home with her, and they went to bed. And behold, the daughter of Trifina, who was dead, appeared to her mother and said: Mother, let the young woman Thecla be reputed by you as your daughter in my place, and ask her to pray for me, that I may be translated to a state of happiness.

Upon which Trifina, with a mournful air, said, My daughter Falconilla has appeared to me and ordered me to receive you in her place; wherefore I desire, Thecla, that you would pray for my daughter that she may be translated into a state of happiness and to life eternal.

When Thecla heard this, she immediately prayed to the Lord and said: O Lord God of heaven and earth, Jesus Christ, Son of the Most High, grant that her daughter Falconilla may live forever. Trifina hearing this groaned again and said, O unrighteous judgments! O unreasonable wickedness that such a creature should again be cast to the beasts!

At daybreak the next morning, Alexander came to Trifina's house and said, The governor and the people are waiting; bring the criminal forth. But Trifina ran in so violently upon him that he was affrighted and ran away. Trifina was one of the royal family; and she thus expressed her sorrow and said: Alas! I have trouble in my house on two accounts, and there is no one who will relieve me, either for the loss of my daughter, or for being unable to save Thecla. But now, O Lord God, you be the helper of Thecla your servant.

While she was thus engaged, the governor sent one of his own officers to bring Thecla. Trifina took her by the hand, and going with her, said: I went with Falconilla to her grave and now must go with Thecla to the beasts.

When Thecla heard this, she prayed weeping and said: O Lord God, whom I have made my confidence and refuge, reward Trifina for her compassion to me and for preserving my chastity. Upon this there was a great noise in the amphitheater: the beasts roared, and the people cried out, Bring in the criminal.

But the woman [Trifina] cried out and said: Let the whole city suffer for such crimes; and order all of us, O governor, to the same punishment. O unjust judgment! O cruel sight! Others said, Let the whole city be destroyed for this vile action. Kill us all, O governor. O cruel sight! O unrighteous judgment!

### CHAPTER 9

Then Thecla was taken out of the hand of Trifina, stripped naked, had an encircling cloth put on, and was thrown into the place appointed for fighting with the beasts. Then the lions and the bears were let loose upon her. But a she-lion, which was of all the most fierce, ran to Thecla and fell down at her feet. At that, the multitude of women shouted aloud. Then a she-bear ran fiercely toward her; but the she-lion met the bear and tore it to pieces. Again, a he-lion who had been accustomed to devour men, and which belonged to Alexander, ran toward her; but the she-lion encountered the he-lion, and they killed each other.

Then the women had a greater concern because the she-lion that had helped Thecla was dead. Afterwards they brought out many other wild beasts, but Thecla stood with her hands stretched towards heaven and prayed. When she finished praying, she turned about and saw a pit of water and said, Now is a proper time for me to be baptized.

Accordingly she threw herself into the water and said, In your name, O my Lord Jesus Christ, I am this last day baptized. Upon seeing this, the women and the people cried out and said, Do not throw yourself into the water. And the governor himself cried out to think that the sea-calves were likely to devour so much beauty. Notwithstanding all this, Thecla threw herself into the water in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ.

But when the sea-calves saw the lightning and fire, they were killed and floated dead on the surface of the water, and a cloud of fire surrounded Thecla so the beasts could not come near her, and the people could not see her nakedness. Yet they turned other wild beasts upon her, at which the women made a very mournful outcry. Some of them scattered spikenard, others cassia, others amomus, others ointment; so that the quantity of ointment was large in proportion to the number of people; and upon this all the beasts lay as though they had been fast asleep and did not touch Thecla.

Whereupon Alexander said to the governor, I have some very terrible bulls; let us bind her to them. To which the governor, with concern, replied, You may do what you think fit. Then they put a cord around Thecla's waist, which bound also her feet, and with it tied her to the bulls, to whose privy-parts they applied red-hot irons so that they, being even more tormented, might more violently drag Thecla about till they had killed her.

The bulls accordingly tore about, making a most hideous noise; but the flame which was about Thecla burned off the cords which were fastened to the members of the bulls, and she stood in the middle of the arena as unconcerned as if she had not been bound.

But in the meantime Trifina, who sat upon one of the benches, fainted away and died; then the whole city was greatly concerned. And Alexander himself was afraid and implored the governor, saying: I entreat you, have compassion on me and the city, and release this woman who has fought with the beasts; for fear that both you and I, and the whole city be destroyed:

For if Caesar should have any account of what has now taken place, he certainly will immediately destroy the city because Trifina, a person of royal extract and a relation of his, is dead upon her seat. Then the governor called Thecla from among the beasts to him and said to her, Who are you? And what are your circumstances, that not one of the beasts will touch you?

Thecla replied to him, I am a servant of the living God, and as to my state, I am a believer on Jesus Christ his Son, in whom God is well pleased. For that reason none of the beasts could touch me. He alone is the way to eternal salvation and the foundation of eternal life. He is a refuge to those who are in distress, a support to the afflicted, a hope and defence to those who are hopeless, and in a word, all those who do not believe on him shall not live, but suffer eternal death.

When the governor heard these things, he ordered her clothes to be brought and said to her, Put on your clothes. Thecla replied, May that God who clothed me when I was naked among the beasts, in the day of judgment clothe your soul with the robe of salvation. Then she took her clothes and put them on; then the governor immediately published an order in these words: I release to you Thecla the servant of God.

Then the women cried out together with a loud voice, and with one accord gave praise unto God and said: There is but one God, who is the God of Thecla; the one God who has delivered Thecla. Their voices were so loud that the whole city seemed to be shaken, and Trifina herself heard the glad tidings and arose again, and ran with the multitude to meet Thecla; and embracing her, said: Now I believe there will be a resurrection of the dead; now I am persuaded that my daughter is alive. Come home with me, my daughter Thecla, and I will turn over all that I have to you.

So Thecla went with Trifina and was entertained there a few days, teaching her the word of the Lord, whereby many young women were converted. So there was great joy in the family of Trifina. But Thecla longed to see Paul, and inquired and sent everywhere to find him; and when at length she was informed that he was at Myra in Lycia, she took with her many young men and women. She dressed herself in the habit of a man and went to him in Myra in Lycia. There she found Paul preaching the word of God, and she stood by him amid the throng.

### CHAPTER 10

It was no small surprise to Paul when he saw her and the people with her, for he imagined some fresh trial was coming upon them; When Thecla perceived this, she said to him: I have been baptized, O Paul, for he who assists you in preaching, has assisted me to be baptized. Then Paul took her and led her to the house of Hermes, and Thecla related to Paul all that had befallen her in Antioch, insomuch that Paul was greatly amazed, and all who heard were confirmed in the faith and prayed for Thecla's happiness.

Then Thecla arose and said to Paul, I am going to Iconium. Paul replied to her, Go and teach the word of the Lord. But Trifina had sent large sums of money to Paul, and also clothing by the hands of Thecla, for the relief of the poor. So Thecla went to Iconium. When she came to the house of Onesiphorus, she fell down upon the floor where Paul had sat and preached, and, mixing tears with her prayers, she praised and glorified God in the following words: O Lord the God of this house, in which I was first enlightened by you; O Jesus, son of the living God, who was my helper before the governor, my helper in the fire, and my helper among the beasts; you alone are God forever and ever. Amen.

On her return, Thecla found Thamyris dead, but her mother [Theoclia] living. So she called on her mother and said: Theoclia, my mother, is it possible for you to be brought to a belief that there is but one Lord God who dwells in the heavens? If you desire great riches, God will give them to you by me; if you want your daughter again, here I am.

These and many other things she represented to her mother, endeavoring to persuade her, but her mother Theoclia gave no credit to the things which were said by the martyr Thecla. Thecla perceived that she discoursed to no purpose, so she signed her whole body with the sign of the cross, left the house and went to Daphne. When she arrived there, she went to the cave where she had found Paul with Onesiphorus, fell down on the ground, and wept before God.

When she departed from there, she went to Seleucia and enlightened many in the knowledge of Christ. And a bright cloud conducted her in her journey.

And after she had arrived at Seleucia, she went to a place out of the city about the distance of a furlong, because she was afraid of the inhabitants because they were worshippers of idols. And she was led by the cloud into a mountain called Calamon, or Rodeon. There she abode many years and underwent a great many grievous temptations of the devil, which she bore in a becoming manner by the assistance which she had from Christ.

At length certain gentlewomen heard of the virgin Thecla and went to her to be instructed by her in the oracles of God, and many of them abandoned this world and led a monastic life with her. A good report was spread everywhere of Thecla, and she wrought several miraculous cures, so that all the city and adjacent countries brought their sick to that mountain, and before they came as far as the door of the cave, they were instantly cured of whatever they had. The unclean spirits were cast out, making a noise; all received their sick made whole and glorified God, who had bestowed such power on the virgin Thecla; Insomuch that the physicians of Seleucia were now of no more account and lost all the profit of their trade because no one regarded them; this so filled them with envy that they began to contrive what methods to take with this servant of Christ.

### CHAPTER 11

The devil then suggested bad advice to their minds on a day they met to consult. They reasoned among each other thus: The virgin is a priestess of the great goddess Diana, and whatever she requests from her is granted, because she is a virgin and is therefore beloved by all the gods. Let us procure some rakish fellows, and after we have made them sufficiently drunk and given them a good sum of money, let us order them to go and debauch this virgin, promising them, if they do it, a larger reward. (For they thus concluded among themselves, that if they were able to debauch her, the gods would no more regard her, nor Diana cure the sick for her.)

They proceeded according to this resolution, and the fellows went to the mountain, and as fierce as lions to the cave, they knocked at the door. The holy martyr Thecla, relying upon the God in whom she believed, opened the door, although she was before apprized of their design, and said to them, Young men, what is your business?

They replied, Is there anyone within whose name is Thecla? She answered, What do you want with her? They said, We intend to lie with her. The blessed Thecla answered: Though I am a humble old woman, I am the servant of my Lord Jesus Christ; and though you have a vile design against me, you will not be able to accomplish it. They replied: It is impossible for us not to be able to do with you what we intend.

And while they were saying this, they laid hold on her by main force and would have raped her. Then she with the greatest mildness said to them: Young men, have patience and see the glory of the Lord. And while they held her, she looked up to heaven and said: O God most reverend, to whom none can be likened; who makes yourself glorious over your enemies; who delivered me from the fire, and did not give me up to Thamyris, or give me up to Alexander; who delivered me from the wild beasts; who did preserve me in the deep waters; who have everywhere been my helper and have glorified your name in me; Now also deliver me from the hands of these wicked and unreasonable men, nor suffer them to debauch my chastity which I have always preserved for your honor; for I love you and long for you, and worship you, O Father, Son, and Holy Spirit, forevermore. Amen.

Then came a voice from heaven saying, Fear not, Thecla, my faithful servant, for I am with you. Look and see the place which is opened for you; there your eternal abode shall be, and there you will receive the beatific vision. The blessed Thecla looked and saw the rock opened to as large a degree as that a man might enter in. She did as he was commanded, bravely fled from the vile crew, and went into the rock, which instantly closed so that there was not a crack visible where it had opened.

The men stood perfectly astonished at so prodigious a miracle and had no power to detain the servant of God, but only caught hold of her veil, or hood, and tore off a piece of it; And even that was by the permission of God, for the confirmation of their faith who should come to visit this venerable place, and to convey blessings in succeeding ages to those who would believe on our Lord Jesus Christ from a pure heart.

Thus suffered that first martyr and apostle of God, the virgin Thecla, who came from Iconium at eighteen years of age; afterwards, partly in journeys and travels, and partly in a monastic life in the cave, she lived seventy-two years, so that she was ninety years old when the Lord took her.

---
---
---
---

As Paul was going up to Iconium after the flight from Antioch, his fellow-travellers were Demas and Ermogenes, full of hypocrisy; and they were importunate with Paul, as if they loved him. But Paul, looking only to the goodness of Christ, did them no harm, but loved them exceedingly, so that he made the oracles of the Lord sweet to them in the teaching both of the birth and the resurrection of the Beloved; and he gave them an account, word for word, of the great things of Christ, how He had been revealed to him.

A certain man, by name Onesiphorus, hearing that Paul had come to Iconium, went out to meet him with his children Silas and Zeno, and his wife Lectra, in order that he might entertain him: for Titus had informed him what Paul was like in appearance: for he had not seen him in the flesh, but only in the spirit. He went along the road to Lystra, and stood waiting for him, and kept looking at the passers by according to the description of Titus. He saw Paul coming, a man small in size, bald-headed, bandy-legged, well-built, with eyebrows meeting, rather long-nosed, full of grace. For sometimes he seemed like a man, and sometimes he had the countenance of an angel. Paul, seeing Onesiphorus, smiled; and Onesiphorus said: Hail, O servant of the blessed God! He said: Grace be with thee and thy house. And Demas and Ermogenes were jealous, and showed greater hypocrisy; so that Demas said: Are not we of the blessed God, that thou hast not thus saluted us? And Onesiphorus said: I do not see in you the fruit of righteousness; but if such you be, come you also into my house and rest yourselves.

Paul having gone into the house of Onesiphorus, there was great joy, and bending of knees, and breaking of bread, and the word of God about self-control and the resurrection; Paul saying: Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God: blessed are they that have kept the flesh chaste, for they shall become a temple of God: blessed are they that control themselves, for God shall speak with them: blessed are they that have kept aloof from this world, for they shall be called upright: blessed are they that have wives as not having them, for they shall receive God for their portion: blessed are they that have the fear of God, for they shall become angels of God: blessed are they that have kept the baptism, for they shall rest beside the Father and the Son: blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy, and shall not see the bitter day of judgment: blessed are the bodies of the virgins, for they shall be well pleasing to God, and shall not lose the reward of their chastity; for the word of the Father shall become to them a work of salvation against the day of His Son, and they shall have rest for ever and ever.

While Paul was thus speaking in the midst of the church in the house of Onesiphorus, a certain virgin Thecla, the daughter of Theocleia, betrothed to a man named Thamyris, sitting at the window close by, listened night and day to the discourse of virginity and prayer, and did not look away from the window, but paid earnest heed to the faith, rejoicing exceedingly. When she still saw many women going in beside Paul, she also had an eager desire to be deemed worthy to stand in the presence of Paul, and to hear the word of Christ; for never had she seen his figure, but heard his word only.

As she did not stand away from the window, her mother sends to Thamyris; and he comes gladly, as if already receiving her in marriage. Theocleia said: I have a strange story to tell thee, Thamyris; for assuredly for three days and three nights Thecla does not rise from the window, neither to eat nor to drink; but looking earnestly as if upon some pleasant sight, she is so devoted to a foreigner teaching deceitful and artful discourses, that I wonder how a virgin of such modesty is so painfully put about. Thamyris, this man will overturn the city of the Iconians, and thy Thecla too besides; for all the women and the young men go in beside him, being taught to fear God and to live in chastity. Moreover also my daughter, tied to the window like a spider, lays hold of what is said by Paul with a strange eagerness and awful emotion; for the virgin looks eagerly at what is said by him, and has been captivated. But do thou go near and speak to her, for she has been betrothed to thee.

Thamyris going near, and kissing her, but at the same time also being afraid of her overpowering emotion, said: Thecla, my betrothed, why dost thou sit thus? and what sort of feeling holds thee overpowered? Turn round to thy Thamyris, and be ashamed. Moreover also her mother said the same things: Why dost thou sit thus looking down, my child, and answering nothing, but like a mad woman? They wept fearfully, Thamyris indeed for the loss of a wife, and Theocleia of a child, and the maidservants of a mistress: there was accordingly much confusion in the house of mourning. While these things were thus going on, Thecla did not turn round, but kept attending earnestly to the word of Paul.

Thamyris starting up, went forth into the street, and kept watching those going in to him and coming out. And he saw two men bitterly contending with each other; and he said: Men, tell me who this is among you, leading astray the souls of young men, and deceiving virgins, so that they do not marry, but remain as they are. I promise, therefore, to give you money enough if you tell me about him; for I am the first man of the city. Demas and Ermogenes said to him: Who this is, indeed, we do not know; but he deprives young men of wives, and maidens of husbands, saying, There is for you a resurrection in no other way, unless you remain chaste, and pullute not the flesh, but keep it chaste. Thamyris said to them: Come into my house, and rest yourselves. They went to a sumptuous dinner, and much wine, and great wealth, and a splendid table; and Thamyris made them drink, from his love to Thecla, and his wish to get her as his wife. Thamyris said during the dinner: Ye men, what is his teaching, tell me, that I also may know; for I am no little distressed about Thecla, because she thus loves the stranger, and I am prevented from marrying.

Demas and Ermogenes said: Bring him before the governor Castelios on the charge of persuading the multitudes to embrace the new teaching of the Christians, and he will speedily destroy him, and thou shalt have Thecla as thy wife. We shall teach thee that the resurrection of which this man speaks has taken place, because it has already taken place in the children which we have; we rose again when we came to the knowledge of the true God.

Thamyris, hearing these things, being filled with anger and rage, rising up early, went to the house of Onesiphorus with archons and public officers, and a great crowd with batons, saying: Thou hast corrupted the city of the Iconians, and her that was betrothed to me, so that she will pot have me: let us go to the governor Castelios. All the multitude said: Away with the magician; for he has corrupted all our wives, and the multitudes have been persuaded to change their opinions.

Thamyris, standing before the tribunal, said with a great shout: O proconsul, this man, who he is we know not, who makes virgins averse to marriage; let him say before thee on what account he teaches these things. Demas and Ermogenes said to Thamyris: Say that he is a Christian, and thus thou wilt do away with him. But the proconsul stayed his intention, and called Paul, saying: Who art thou, and what dost thou teach? for they bring no shall charges against thee. Paul lifted up his voice, saying: Since I am this day examined as to what I teach, listen, O proconsul: A living God, a God of retributions, a jealous God, a God in need of nothing, consulting for the salvation of men, has sent me that I may reclaim them from corruption and uncleanness, and from all pleasure, and from death, that they may not sin. Wherefore God sent His own Son, whom I preach, and in whom I teach men to rest their hope, who alone has had compassion upon a world led astray, that they may be no lover trader judgment, O proconsul, but may, have faith, and the fear of God, and the knowledge of holiness, and the love of truth. If, therefore, I teach what has been revealed to me by God, wherein do I do wrong? The proconsul having heard, ordered Paul to be bound, and sent to prison, until, said he, I, being at leisure, shall hear him more attentively.

Thecla by night having taken off her bracelets, gave them to the gatekeeper; and the door having been opened to her, she went into the prison; and having given the jailor a silver mirror, she went in beside Paul, and, sitting at his feet, she heard the great things of God. Paul was afraid of nothing, but ordered his life in the confidence of God. Her faith also was increased, and she kissed his bonds.

When Thecla was sought for by her friends, and Thamyris, as if she had been lost, was running up and down the streets, one of the gatekeeper's fellow-slaves informed him that she had gone out by night. Having gone out, they examined the gatekeeper; and he said to them: She has gone to the foreigner into the prison. Having gone, they found her, as it were, enchained by affection. Having gone forth thence, they drew the multitudes together, and informed the governor of the circumstance. He ordered Paul to be brought to the tribunal; but Thecla was wallowing on the ground in the place where he sat and taught her in the prison; and he ordered her too to be brought to the tribunal. She came, exulting with joy. The crowd, when Paul had been brought, vehemently cried out: He is a magician! away with him! But the proconsul gladly heard Paul upon the holy works of Christ. Having called a council, he summoned Thecla, and said to her: Why dost thou not obey Thamyris, according to the law of the Iconians? But she stood looking earnestly at Paul. When she gave no answer, her mother cried out, saying: Burn the wicked wretch; burn in the midst of the theatre her that will not marry, in order that all the women that have been taught by this man may be afraid.

The governor was greatly moved; and having scourged Paul, he cast him out of the city, and condemned Thecla to be burned. Immediately the governor went away to the theatre, and all the crowd went forth to the spectacle of Thecla. But as a lamb in the wilderness looks round for the shepherd, so she kept searching for Paul. Having looked upon the crowd, she saw the Lord sitting in the likeness of Paul, and said: As I am unable to endure my lot, Paul has come to see me. She gazed upon him with great earnestness, and he went up into heaven. But the maid-servants and virgins brought the faggots, in order that Thecla might be burned. When she came in naked, the governor wept, and wondered at the power that was in her. The public executioners arranged the faggots for her to go up on the pile. She, having made the sign of the cross, went up on the faggots; and they lighted them. Though a great fire was blazing, it did not touch her; for God, having compassion upon her, made an underground rumbling, and a cloud overshadowed them from above, full of water and hail; and all that was in the cavity of it was poured out, so that many were in danger of death. The fire was put out, and Thecla saved.

Paul was fasting with Onesiphorus and his wife, and his children, in a new tomb, as they were going from Iconium to Daphne. When many clays were past, the fasting children said to Paul: We are hungry, and we cannot buy loaves; for Onesiphorus had left the things of the world, and followed Paul, with all his house. Paul, having taken off his cloak, said: Go, my child, buy more loaves, and bring them. When the child was buying, he saw Thecla their neighbour, and was astonished, and said: Thecla, whither art thou going? She said: I have been saved from the fire, and am following Paul. The boy said: Come, I shall take thee to him; for he is distressed about thee, and is praying six days. She stood beside the tomb where Paul was with bended knees, and praying, and saying: O Saviour Christ, let not the fire touch Thecla, but stand by her, for she is Thine. She, standing behind him, cried out: O Father, who hast made the heaven and the earth, the Father of Thy holy Son, I bless Thee that Thou hast saved me that I may see Paul. Paul, rising up, saw her, and said: O God, that knowest the heart, the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, I bless Thee that Thou, having heard me, hast done quickly what I wished.

They had five loaves, and herbs, and water; and they rejoiced in the holy works of Christ. Thecla said to Paul: I shall cut my hair, and follow thee whithersoever thou mayst go. He said: It is a shameless age, and thou art beautiful. I am afraid lest another temptation come upon thee worse than the first, and that thou withstand it not, but be cowardly. Thecla said: Only give me the seal in Christ, and temptation shall not touch me. Paul said: Thecla, wait with patience, and thou shalt receive the water.

Paul sent away Onesiphorus and all his house to Iconium; and thus, having taken Thecla, he went into Antioch. As they were going in, a certain Syriarch, Alexander by name, seeing Thecla, became enamoured of her, and tried to gain over Paul by gifts and presents. But Paul said: I know not the woman whom thou speakest of, nor is she mine. But he, being of great power, himself embraced her in the street. But she would not endure it, but looked about for Paul. She cried out bitterly, saying: Do not force the stranger; do not force the servant of God. I am one of the chief persons of the Iconians; and because I would not have Thamyris, I have been cast out of the city. Taking hold of Alexander, she tore his cloak, and pulled off his crown, and made him a laughing-stock. He, at the same time loving her, and at the same time ashamed of what had happened, led her before the governor; and when she had confessed that she had done these things, he condemned her to the wild beasts. The women were struck with astonishment, and cried out beside the tribunal: Evil judgment! impious judgment! She asked the governor, that, said she, I may remain pure until I shall fight with the wild beasts. A certain Tryphaena, whose daughter was dead, took her into keeping, and had her for a consolation.

When the beasts were exhibited, they bound her to a fierce lioness; and Tryphaena accompanied her. But the lioness, with Thecla sitting upon her, licked her feet; and all the multitude was astonished. The charge on her inscription was: Sacrilegious. The women cried out from above: An impious sentence has been passed in this city! After the exhibition, Tryphaena again receives her. For her daughter Falconilla had died, and said to her in a dream: Mother, thou shaft have this stranger Thecla in my place, in order that she may pray concerning me, and that I may be transferred to the place of the just.

When, after the exhibition, Tryphaena received her, at the same time indeed she grieved that she had to fight with the wild beasts on the day following; and at the same time, loving her as much as her daughter Falconilla, she said: My, second child Thecla, come and pray for my child, that she may live for ever; for this I saw in my sleep. She, nothing hesitating, lifted up her voice, and said: God most high, grant to this woman according to bet wish, that her daughter Falconilla may live for ever. When Thecla had thus spoken, Tryphaena lamented, considering so much beauty thrown to the wild beasts.

When it was dawn, Alexander came to take her, for it was he that gave the hunt, saying: The governor is sitting, and the crowd is in uproar against us. Allow me to take away her that is to fight with the wild beasts. Tryphaena cried aloud, so that he even fled, saying: A second mourning for my Falconilla has come upon my house and there is no one to help; neither child, for she is dead, nor kinsman, for I am a widow. God of Thecla, help her!

Immediately the governor sends an order that Thecla should be brought. Tryphaena, taking her by the hand, said: My daughter Falconillia, indeed, I took away to the tomb; and thee, Thecla, I am taking to the wild-beast fight. Thecla wept bitterly, saying: O Lord, the God in whom I believe, to whom I have fled for refuge, who deliveredst me from the fire, do Thou grant a recompense to Tryphaena, who has had compassion on Thy servant, and because she has kept me pure. Then a tumult arose, and a cry of the people, and the women sitting together, the one saying: Away with the sacrilegious person! the others saying: Let the city be raised against this wickedness. Take off all of us, O proconsul! Cruel sight! evil sentence!

Thecla, having been taken out of the hand of Tryphaena, was stripped, and received a girdle, and was thrown into the arena, and lions and bears and a fierce lioness were let loose upon her; and the lioness having run up to her feet, lay down; and the multitude of the women cried aloud. A bear ran upon her; but the lioness, meeting the bear, tore her to pieces. Again a lion that had been trained against men, which belonged to Alexander, ran upon her; and she, the lioness, encountering the lion, was killed along with him. The women made great lamentation, since also the lioness, her protector, was dead.

Then they send in many wild beasts, she standing and stretching forth her hands, and praying. When she had finished her prayer, she turned and saw a ditch full of water, and said: Now it is time to wash myself. She threw herself in, saying: In the name of Jesus Christ I am baptized on my last day. The women seeing, and the multitude, wept, saying: Do not throw thyself into the water; so that also the governor shed tears, because the seals were going to devour such beauty. She then threw herself in the name of Jesus Christ; but the seals having seen the glare of the fire of lightning, floated about dead. There was round her, as she was naked, a cloud of fire; so that neither could the wild beasts touch her, nor could she be seen naked.

The women, when other wild beasts were being thrown in, wailed. Some threw sweet-smelling herbs, others nard, others cassia, others amomum, so that there was abundance of perfumes. All the wild beasts that had been thrown in, as if they had been withheld by sleep, did not touch her; so that Alexander said to the governor: I have bulls exceedingly terrible; let us bind to them her that is to fight with the beasts. The governor, looking gloomy, turned, and said: Do what thou wilt. They bound her by the feet between them, and put red-hot irons under the privy parts of the bulls, so that they, being rendered more furious, might kill her. They rushed about, therefore; but the burning flame consumed the ropes, and she was as if she had not been bound. But Tryphaena fainted standing beside the arena, so that the crowd said: Queen Tryphaena is dead. The governor put a stop to the games, and the city was in dismay. And Alexander entreated the governor, saying: Have mercy both on me and the city, and release this woman. For if Caesar hear of these things, he will speedily destroy the city also along with us, because his kinswoman Queen Tryphaena has died.

The governor summoned Thecla out of the midst of the wild beasts, and said to her: Who art thou? and what is there about thee, that not one of the wild beasts touches thee? She said: I indeed am a servant of the living God; and as to what there is about me, I have believed in the Son of God, in whom He is well pleased; wherefore not one of the beasts has touched me. For He alone is the end of salvation, and the basis of immortal life; for He is a refuge to the tempest-tossed, a solace to the afflicted, a shelter to the despairing; and, once for all, whoever shall not believe on Him, shall not live for ever.

The governor having heard this, ordered her garments to be brought, and to be put on. Thecla said: He that clothed me naked among the wild beasts, will in the day of judgment clothe thee with salvation. Taking the garments, she put them on. The governor therefore immediately issued an edict, saying: I release to you the God-fearing Thecla, the servant of God. The women shouted aloud, and with one mouth returned thanks to God, saying: There is one God, the God of Thecla; so that the foundations of the theatre were shaken by their voice. Tryphaena having received the good news, went to meet the holy Thecla, and said: Now I believe that the dead are raised: now I believe that my child lives. Come within, and I shall assign to thee all that is mine. She therefore went in along with her, and rested eight days, having instructed her in the word of God, so that most even of the maid-servants believed.There was great joy in the house.

Thecla kept seeking Paul; and it was told her that he was in Myra of Lycia. Taking young men and maidens, she girded herself; and having sewed the tunic so as to make a man's cloak, she came to Myra, and found Paul speaking the word of God. Paul was astonished at seeing her, and the crowd with her, thinking that some new trial was coming upon her. When she saw him, she said: I have received the baptism, Paul; for He that wrought along with thee for the Gospel has wrought in me also for baptism. Paul, taking her, led her to the house of Hermaeus, and hears everything from her, so that those that heard greatly wondered, and were comforted, and prayed over Tryphaena. She rose up, and said: I am going to Iconium. Paul said: Go, and teach the word of God. Tryphaena sent her much clothing and gold, so that she left to Paul many things for the service of the poor.

She went to Iconium. She goes into the house of Onesiphorus, and fell upon the pavement where Paul used to sit and teach her, and wept, saying: God of myself and of this house, where Thou didst make the light to shine upon me, O Christ Jesus, the Son of the living God, my help in the fire, my help among the wild beasts, Thou art glorified for ever. Amen. She found Thamyris dead, but her mother alive. Having sent for her mother, she said: Theocleia, my mother, canst thou believe that the Lord liveth in the heavens? For whether thou desirest wealth, God gives it to thee through me; or thy child, I am standing beside thee. Having thus testified, she departed to Seleucia, and dwelt in a cave seventy-two years, living upon herbs and water. She enlightened many by the word of God.

Certain men of the city, being Greeks by religion, and physicians by profession, sent to her insolent young men to destroy her. For they said: She is a virgin, and serves Artemis, and from this she has virtue in healing. And by the providence of God she entered into the rock alive, and went under ground. She departed to Rome to see Paul, and found that he had fallen asleep. After staying there no long time, she rested in a glorious sleep; and she is buried about two or three stadia from the tomb of her master Paul.

She was cast, then, into the fire when seventeen years old, and among the wild beasts when eighteen. She was an ascetic in the cave, as has been said, seventy-two years, so that all the years of her life were ninety. Having accomplished many cures, she rests in the place of the saints, having fallen asleep on the twenty-fourth of the month of September in Christ Jesus our Lord, to whom be glory and strength for ever and ever. Amen.

Instead of the last two sections, the MS. which Dr. Grabe used has the following:--

A cloud of light guided her. Having come into Seleucia, she went forth outside of the city one stadium. She was afraid of them also, for they worshipped idiots. It guided her to the mountain called Calamon or Rhodeon; and having there found a cave, she went into it. She was there many years, and underwent many and grievous trials by the devil, and bore them nobly, being assisted by Christ. Some of the well-born women, having learned about the virgin Thecla went to her, and learned the oracles of God. And many of them bade adieu to the world, and lived an ascetic life with her. A good report was spread everywhere concerning her, and cures were done by her. All the city, therefore, and country round, having known this, brought their sick to the mountain; and before they came near the door they were speedily released from whatever disease they were afflicted by; and the unclean spirits went out shrieking, and all received their own in health, glorifying God, who had given such grace to the virgin Thecla. The physicians, therefore, of the city of the Seleucians were thought nothing of, having lost their trade, and no one any longer had regard to them; and being filled with envy and hatred, they plotted against the servant of Christ, what they should do to her. The devil then suggests to them a wicked device; and one day, being assembled, and having taken counsel, they consult with each other, saying: This virgin is a priestess of the great goddess Artemis; and if she ask anything of her, she hears her as being a virgin, and all the gods love her. Come, then, let us take men of disorderly lives, and make them drunk with much wine, and let us give them much gold, and say to them, If you can corrupt and defile her, we shall give you even more money. The physicians therefore said to themselves, that if they should be able to defile her, neither the gods nor Artemis would listen to her in the case of the sick. They therefore did so. The wicked men, having gone to the mountain, and rushed upon the cave like lions, knocked at the door. The holy martyr Thecla opened, emboldened By the God in whom she believed; for she knew of their plot beforehand. She says to them: What do you want, my children? They said: Is there one here called Thecla? She said: What do you want with her? They say to her: We want to sleep with her. The blessed Thecla says to them: I am a humble old woman, but the servant of my Lord Jesus Christ; and even though you want to do something to me out of place, you cannot. They say to her: It is impossible for us not to do to thee what we want. Having said this, they laid fast hold of her, and wished to insult her. She says to them with mildness: Wait, my children, that you may see the glory of the Lord. And being laid hold of by them, she looked up into heaven, and said: God, terrible and incomparable, and glorious to Thine adversaries, who didst deliver me out of the fire, who didst not give me up to Thamyris, who didst not give me up to Alexander, who didst deliver me from the wild beasts, who didst save me in the abyss, who hast everywhere worked with me, and glorified Thy name in me, now also deliver me from these lawless men, and let me not insult my virginity, which through Thy name I have preserved till now, because I love Thee, and desire Thee, and adore Thee, the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Ghost for ever. Amen. There came a voice out of the heaven, saying: Fear not, Thecla, my true servant, for I am with thee. Look and see where an opening has been made before thee, for there shall be for thee an everlasting house, and there thou shalt obtain shelter. The blessed Thecla regarding it, saw the rock opened as far as to allow a man to enter, and did according to what had been said to her: and nobly fleeing from the lawless ones entered into the rock; and the rock was straightway shut together, so that not even a joining appeared. They, beholding the extraordinary wonder, became as it were distracted; and they were not able to detain the servant of God, but only caught hold of her veil, and were able to tear off a certain part; and that by the permission of God for the faith of those seeing the venerable place, and for a blessing in the generations afterwards to those that believe in our Lord Jesus Christ out of a pure heart.

Thus, then, suffered the first martyr of God, and apostle, and virgin, Thecla, who came from Iconium at eighteen years old; and with the journeying, and the going round, and the retirement in the mountain, she lived other seventy-two years. When the Lord took her, she was ninety years old. Thus is her consummation. Her holy commemoration is on the twenty-fourth of the month of September, to the glory of the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Spirit, now and ever, and to ages of ages.
