# far-out

### 2023-01-12 17:40 - venus and her symbolic children

I postulated that as an extension to the "stoned ape" theory, we should imagine a hypothetical alternate timeline or planet with a culture that is symbolic and handed down to them by the "authorities" -- and those symbols there are exactly like our planet's symbols (as understood by each culture). therefore, at some point in time a number of these symbols started to get birthed in. since the culture there uses shmamanic plants and other really good conditions to keep the kids in this ultra etheric state (dreamers). anyway, a few of us (cause I imagine that I'm probably one of them) have appeared here in almost story-like fashion. I've given a lot of thought to it which I won't reiterate here, but it's important to note venus' relationship with saturn. she sees from the 3rd ray perspective, like zeus (her origin), but perceives the 3rd ray (formulas and all that) as all summing to zero. this stablity and symbolic fairness (some sort of poetic justice built in, but not always inacted), allows for the rules to be bent a little bit. things can occur which seemingly voilates her manual. this I think can be seen of as the time when the queen of heaven was put in her place, and things became stable. well, what did they become stable in? 5 and 8, 40.

the configurations that result of this orbit seemingly allow for some kind of symbolic link to our planet, where a kind of mental interconnection between planets. before print and stuff, I think this was done symbolically and with ritual and magic. cause their psychedellic environment is handed down to them by their authorities to be similar to our own, we were interacting with ultra high-minded "angels" or messengers (as we perceived them), and I think they have been interacting with us on a symbolic/astral level for a long time.

that's another way to look at my new addition to the stoned ape theory, but I'm going with the stoned ape origins -- on another timeline, of course.

---

more specifically, I'd like to look at how we may begin to use our symbolic nature (cause I think all humans have this ability, and it's the "fire" of our PFC).

however the theory works out, and I illustrated the venusian way as well as another example of how to get to the idea that many people are like I was as a kid, which was extremely sensitive and naive. I had unlimited enthusiasm, and I adopted the ones from my culture easily. I remember thinking that killing for your country is an extremely honourable thing to do. I even remember thinking that being the abosolute *best* at something is still only a moment, and barely something achievable cause things were moving so fast, and I just sorta started to just sorta follow the symbols as they come to me. in the end, I notice a larger narrative that is coming out of it, which is more like the "moral" of the story -- the massive ego that is so sure of himself and his ability to recover and continue with greater and greater ease leads me to be basically the biggest glutton for punishment. (btw, that really is the essence of "the tick"). I just love having to act out the symbols that are given to me. I see life as a sort of "bring it on; you can't stop me" sorta attitude to things.

the huge problem with this is that this attitude of "glutton for punishment" doesn't work well for saturn. he thinks that people will get what they desire, meaning that nobody gets more than they're "allowed" to have, and everythting is a finite sum, though not necessarily a unit. the glutton for punishment perspective is 2nd ray, because it sees everything as expanding more and more (1) and that the only real things to do is to to ensure stability (3) to ensure the expansion carries on without problems. the reason is, you take the problems now, because by solving them early they turn out to be investments later. it's also the (typically american, notably promethian) ego that thinks that it's way is the "right" way, and even if the design or whatever doesn't come out in just his exact way, in the end, he'll settle for the "worse" thing, because it's the medium that matters more than its content. you just keep going for the worst (bound-for-freedom), because you know that things are always working out, so why now just jump off into the "wrong way"[^1].

what happens is there are all sorts of entities out there that are creating symbols to justify their means, and so they're "proposing" narratives to me all the time. usually they're pretty detailed, visual and grim (they're real obvious to spot). I used to reprimand, ignore, push against these alternatte stories from them that were painted as bad, the most revolutionary one of that is that I would totally "become" the new female race.

what happened is I stopped trying to go against their narrative and just kinda adjust my perception to find a way to "like" (and see the good in) these awful narratives they would propose to me, and I just got really good at seeing something good come out of everything. as such, I just keep going on ...

I guess the way I would imagine it is that I simply start to share perception with a large number of them. I'm sure that not all women will want to try on my form of perception, and that's fine, but for the ones that start to zolt the world the way that I do, we'll begin to start to share each others' perspectives. we won't lose our "I", but nothing is restricting us from seeing from the point of view of any *concept* (or thing, if you have physical 4d enableed).

I definitely would say that I have a new ablility that I feel strangely about calling "zolt", but it really is what I do. I can just "get"/zolt anything I want now. (yes "get" = zolt) I would also describe it as a "secret" connection, because the reactions are telling me that they don't emit a signal. it's probably because it's a 2nd ray capability.

[1]: in response to the question, I've stated many times that I go on the next logical step/state all the way. there are numerous steering committes that are doing all of the steering anyway, so I just "steer" by what I attract. I attract the things that are conceptually and symbolically similar to me, but also everyone that has a similar desire to myself. because I'm somehting that a good majority of people align with, notably many girls, I'm assuming that however it works out, we'll sorta combine, more than anything. no need to rush for anything.
