# feminine-mind

I've been talking about it a lot. time to dedicate a concept to it.

[TODO: intro on what I believe it to be]

### 2022-11-07 12:40 - default behaviour instinct

a few days back I had a few interactions where I would relay to mom what greg was thinking in a playful way, and then relay back to greg what mom was thinking also. this comes from both of their non-confrontational attitudes toward each other. they hope it'll get better automatically, but at the same time they believe differently. they *know* that mom/greg will keep doing what they're doing (parking the car close to the door, or leaving messes around, etc.). this situation is pretty much the same as an expectation; one part desire (I want them to not do this), and one part belief (which you know you're right about how much they do the opposite). the question here is how do I confront the other person to get them to not do that thing that's annoying (for me, it's how mom seems to seemingly deliberately interfere with my planting). I could confront her, but I know it won't help, because it really has more to do with me.

it's easy to see it from a LOA perspective and see it all working out flawlessly, but the other day, I was asked how I would respond to a situation similar to greg/mom's. I didn't have an answer then, because I know that if I try to get them to do any thing, it's a bit like assertion and I pay the price for that on the rebound[^1] but the thing that I noticed is that this kinda is encoded a bit into what I'm gonna call the feminine-mind (I'll try to update a few older entries to use this concept).

some people choose to be very confrontational, meanwhile others consider it something very undesirable. I believe that our feminine-mind actually encodes that confrontational people are bad. this explains to me the reason why I notice that a lot of really business-types seem to feel deep down they're bad people, because they're confrontational -- meanwhile, other people desire to be told what to do. so, the tellers of what to do become automatically in our mind labeled as bad.

I notice that I personally don't ever like to tell anyone what to do -- and, the only time that I ever do it is in reaction to something. the reason for this is that if I tell someone what I want them to do, I'm creating one of those energy things that comes back to me[^1], so I too am one of those non-confrontational types.

so, for example, I caught myself building up those beliefs with mom and the planting thing, so I just wanted to explain what I'm doing here because this is essentially how you reprogram your feminine-mind. it's very simple, so let's just walk right through it. brb

[1]: energy expelled always comes back to me, and the way that it comes back to me is a reflection of the environments that it passed through (ie. physical air, someone's mind, to someone else's mind, to a whole society, to whatever...) I think of this like karma, and the quality (actual vibration, not the amplitude/magnihude) of the energy will produce in me what normal receipt of that energy will do to me (pain, pleasure -- all physical sensation and anything between, up to desire). in short, energy comes back to me depending on what I sent out and how the environment/others reacted to it.

### 2022-11-07 14:02 - oen

first, I'll give the LOA (conceptual) perspective of the thing, which is that it's easy to have a problem with something, but it's not as easy to have a solution to it. I personally believe that I have a solution to everything that I have a problem for, so in order to get that solution (the physical one, not the conceptual one), I have to get into the receptive mode for ideas to come to me that will allow the present situation to change to something different.

---

OK, now, let's talk about how that same thing is now seen from the [non-]confrontational (physical) perspective. when I see a problem that someone else is doing, and they do it every time. well, that's the time to see if I'm going to get confrontational about the problem. I actually recommend no action, or if it's important, clean/do it myself -- because if I can feel good about doing/cleaning that thing, then I'm fine, and I can allow them to begin to do things differently because now it's less work for me to do.

### 2023-01-12 14:48 - saturn's effect

one of the things that stood out to me in the sirian guide was that it said that saturn was a solmn/somber individual, and women loved him because he evoked their maternal instinct in them. I have noticed that this is true for a lot of 4th rays. as such I've started to notice these saturnian 4th ray individual types all over the place, marcos of course being the first.

anyway, as I start to gain more effect, that maternal instict will shift to be more like mine rathar than the maternal. anyway, I was also thinking about the helena character in shakespere's plays, and how his writing added new forms of interaction and concept of reality for them (you know, besides the ones the culture, family, religion, etc. installs). to some extent I've noticed that helena is kind of a difficult character to play -- or that there is some confllict around difficulty -- where, helena just sorta goes against their programming, and she feels terrible to them, and so because of the way helena feels to her, the less likely it is for a woman to actually behave 100% like helena. you know how hollywood and the media puts out these pictures of the celebs in perfect form, when the reality for someone to look like that is much more difficult, they're sorta like putting the media-imposed false standard of what is to be feminine, masculine, gay, straight, african, white, etc. these books and stories define how it is for us to behave.

helena was a difficult character that a lot of female actresses (actors?) struggled with and that creates desire. any time in a play where you have these extremely eccentric, but believable characters, it's kinda like a pissing contest to figure out how to act in character for some of these extreme characters.

anyway, another thing I'd like to mention is that I think helena is often played by a boy, so you can imagine from a woman's perspective she sees him playing the part so convincingly, and then she even sees it hard for herself to do, there must be some problem. OK, so let's go over this.

I believe that feminine instinct was originally programmed by vulcan, and this is what is true of the legends of him creating pandora and her box. so you have to understand, this is nick bottom, and zero girls are capable of being such a glutton for punishment like he was, so the part appears impossible to play from the female standpoint (because one should avoid, hide, run away, reprimand, punish, etc, that kind of behaviour -- it feels like a schism making unsure the way considered to be the way a woman *should* act. see? it's like mental chaos -- this is desire -- that's what it looks like). ... those schisms add up, and what they eventually do is produce actors and people capable of playing that part. think about how this is like a time portal for summoning players that want to play these parts. these players, although 5th ray in perception, because of their acting, are forced into the manipulation of the 7th. they're kinda like little girls in that they're fumbling around with physicality, but on the conceptual/feeling level, they're quite advanced. derailed. lol.

anyway, it's eventually going to happen that femasles will start to figure out what I see, so saturn's effect (as programmed by vulcan), will take on a whole new appearance. a whole lot of helenas will appear, nearly overnight.

### 2023-04-20 18:56 - reflective women

yesterday, when I was talking with mom, she brought up that her friend told her that she's only caring for others how she wanted tto be cared for (or was that what I said?) that was the first time that I rendered the reflectiveness of women concept into words that way, and I felt a sort of shock upon the realisation that all of the "self-sacrifice" that so many are going through, is only their own desire being refleccted externally in how they treat others.
on that notee, one of the things that's captured my thoughts for so much time was the "golden rule" where, I treat other people how I want to be treated. turns out, it's a bit of a misnomer, because it *should be* called "silver rule" because it's the quality of silver, not of gold. I mentioned yesterday that men see things differently, which is the idea of "doing the *right thing*", "doing it the *right way*", or "doing it *right*". these are the golden qualities that one has, and those qualities form an arrangement that is either very harmonious and attractive, or they're quite difficult or even awful (at first), -- and those things that cause difficulty, or are things that one refrains from or interacting with, builds the sort of "blind spot" in the person's aura or feeling cloud: you know, like the general sorta vibe cloud they have floating around them.
at first it's really close ranged and I'm strongly affected by people around me; but, as I gett lowwer and lower resistance to all things felt around me, I have less blind spots, so that sort of cloud about me extends outt further to further and further reach in both time and space. also, as the fog clears up, more light gets out. (people have auras as well; this is different)

anyway, later on in the reactions to that conversation, I started to begin to feel people (both genders) start to think about this a lot, and start applying the idea to many abstract concepts of the things that they do: "do I help people because I want to be helped?", or "do I laugh at people and mock them because I want to be mocked at?" -- and it's interesting to see the sorts of ideas that simply *do not work* for a reflectiveness of a concept. so for example, for me, "do I laugh at people's mistakes, because I want others to laught at my mistakes?" -- and the answer is emphatically yes -- and that's the basic idea of a foil: you do something to others that you want want also others to do to you -- right, so it's reflective, but it's also an action that others feel bad about, and so I'm kind of like a negative energy harvester in that sense, because I'd like it that they would do to me the things they would norhally feel bad about, instead -- so we have a sort of mutual power generation because for them, now they can laugh at others that feel bad because I'm laughing at someone else's mistake. I sorta harvest that energy.
you know, I noticed it with marc, because for example, the other day he played tthe same opponent in PF rush -- and the guy's comments were kinda angry, right but marc didn't really flinch about it, right and just put a gas down on him, denying the gas -- like no problem. he's kinda a professional salt miner, know what I mean? like he likes playing extremely fair, and best sportsmanship -- least resistance to losses, and genreally upstanding manners.
or, another day, he -- oh crap, I totally forgot the example -- but just look for it, right. greg was surprised at me the other day how natural it was for me to just pull out something that others would think it's mean, right -- but you see here's the point: if marc is actually wanting others to treat him the way he is, he's a foil, but if he doesn'tttreat the other person the way he wants to be treated, he's just an actor (lead/brass). full disclosure: from my perspective, I can't really tell -- and that's kinda the beauty of youtube -- if someone is an actor, or if they're a foil.
there's this one other guy that did this speed up your intternet thing with a hilarious wire wrapping thing around something (I can't even remember how it went, now -- but it was ridiculous how obviously it wouldn't work at all) -- right and then he's got this IT sales guy sorta persona that would be my typical peer in a college I used to go to -- right: a IT schmooze (not sure what the right word), but loren is a name associated with him -- cause he was hilarious cause he'd tell us his tricks, like the clipboard one where every 3-5m or so you just randomly (cause you're totally not actually doing any work cause microsoft certified stuff is such a joke) look down at the clipboard, nod my head, and put a check on the clipboard; you know, to kinda affirm that things are going fine and that everything is getting checked and validated, so that the unchecked and unvalidated bosses that he has working for them can see that he's "working hard" cause hard honest work is the *right way* to do it; and here's the thing: it seems pretty clear that they would love others to come up with awesome (obviously scam, but hilarious presentation) bunk sales ideas. I mean, I love this so much myself! I can't *help* myself to continually come up with new sales schemes. I love telling them to jaron too, ccaause I dunno -- it's just funny to me.
see how the progression works right? the morre that one cares about how their perceived, the the less-good it feels, when others behave like me.
when someone wants to be imitated, they circumwent the actor-foil dialectic, because now they're a primary: a gold or a centre. because now you're attractive, others have to push against you.

it often happens when others can't feel good about something that I feel good about, they seemingly want to punish me -- cause like why should he be getting away with that. I behave completely without rules by nature, because I follow what I feel, and women are constantly trying to get me to feel bad about something I don't feel bad about; it's annoying to them; I know they hate it. so, just like the foil, the centre also lovves the a reflection of their own character back to them, and so when all day long they're just seeing theirself reflected in all things.
you know, I have a lot of negative reflections on myself around, and it's quite possible that I use them in a negative way, because their feeling bad about the absurd love I have to see others excel; or, lack of competition, actually gives me energy. like, a lot, because they expend energy, but because I am already accepted myself as being that, it's no problem for me to use the energy. those are the charactors: they want to be the "only" *one* with that good idea, or awesome experience. their own resistance to allowing others to attract what they want, keeps them where they are; it's tottally fine.

anyway, when I was upstairs with mom, I experienced the translation of my feeling aura of my "we don't konw how future technology can enable us to interact with eachother in more and more intimate ways" concept -- and it got turned into "because we punished him by not wanting sex, we are at the same time saying we're the ones who wantto be punished in that way" -- which is an idea I'd never thought of. I don't perceive punishment, as you may havve noticed, beause of my insistence on doing things my own way that I *must* believe that there is no punishment for any wrongdoing in order to keep "getting away with" all the stuff I routinely just "get away with". see how I turned the tthoought of punishment as a negative reflettion of one's own desire to be punished and turned it so that now I can see it from the centre's point of view? anyway..
so, she says that whole idea about desiring punishment, or a sort of *self-flaggulation* that one does to theirself. I mean I do this *all the time* -- like I'm always finding ways to feel good about the "worst" proposed manifestation, like my life depended on it -- and it does, kinda because if I every stop feeling good about what's my situation are, then that's when death begins for me; until then, it's constantly more and more youthful and vibrant. I love that way of living, right and I don't want to give up my "right" to feel good. do whatever you think is your worst, and I can take it and still come out on top.
I just feel good because I like the way feeling good feels. it came to quite some shock yesterday when I explained that sex isn't actually all that awesome, because it's just trying to motor forward, which is another kind of death, but it's perceived as risk. I prefer steady feeling better and better, than feeling good, only in bursts.
I like me, and I like how I feel, much more than I like how others feel. others feel good, annd (at this point) none I've experienced lately have felt bad to me -- and if they did, I cleaned up my perception pretty rapidly, so I still get the speed boost out of their inability to feel good about the same thing. I'm kinda selfish; we all are, admit it. you know, it's usually the ones that want to "do the right thing" that aren't able to feel selfishness. you're only as selfish as you allow others to be. *I'm* only as selfish as I can allow others to be. I love for others to be doing awesome, no matter how bent out of shape they are over something that I want to do, or how I am.
I write very interesting ideas in very circuitus and lots of swoops and doops that seem to sort of dance with the music and I'm writing this. I love how I write because I can see patterns like orbitting concepts around each other, where each sentence is a note that summon these concepts into the orbit, and at times take them out, change the scenery, or twist them a new way. order then chaos; then back.
so here's the thtting about punishment, which is that punishment doesen't exist for me, so mom's concept was very strange for me to feel. it was an interesting little spin into the feminine-mind a bit, because I see it not like that, at all. I just like to feel good, right, and I don't want to feel great because of some condition.

### 2023-04-26 15:01 - things that bother me about others

whenever something bothers me about something someone else is doing (or how they're feeling), these are things that I recognise in myself that I don't like. so, for example, let's say I see someone stealing -- and that really bothers me. I say:

1. "they're getting something for free"
2. "they're getting something they didn't earn/pay for"
3. "they should have to do X effort (like me) for that"
...

and so, it's clear when looking at my own reaction to their actions, is that stealing isn't *really* the problem here; the action is illuminating some of my underlying perception regarding injustice or unfairness -- and that's *really* where the problem is.

my goal is to be able to allow others to behave anyway that they feel like, and however they behave shouldn't bother me -- because it's all attraction: the person they're stealing from will always have a feeling of insecurity or less-than (receptive to the action), and the thief always going to be justifying it in some way:

1. "I can do something great with this"
2. "I need this more than them"
3. "they've got more than enough; they can spare some"
...

each of those are perceptions which all resolve to the general case of "I don't have what I want/need, so I have to make an action to compensate" -- aka. justification followed by action. we make those kinds of justifications for our actions all the time. I don't recommend it though, as for me now, I don't really justify my actions so much anymore and instead just do whatever I feel; then, trust that what others are attracting is matching my actions.
  I quite like it like that, because whatever difference from "normal" I notice in my actions, I can perceive easily as a reflection of how I feel/perceive or in the feeling/perception of someone else engaged in the situation. sure, I'm quite easily influenced by others (like a child), but I'm not incapable of leaving a situation that doesn't feel good, so it gives me a good sense of how others around me feel and perceive the world (which then I can transform, because I've learned more optimal ways of perceiving a lot of bad-feeling perceptions/concepts)

the next thing to note here, and this is *really important*, which is, after my perception is more allowing of others, my sensitivity has now also risen sufficiently that I really feel how others feel pretty easily and strongly (I also get a sense of what they're thinking, too). so, when I feel another person and they feel good, it's fine (but it's not how I *really* feel); but, when I feel another person, and they feel bad (again, it's not how I *really* feel), it *is* a feeling that I *resonate with*; which means that believe in a symbol that resonates with the feeling.
unlike the action case where I think those reactionary thoughts which illuminate my underlying perception, in this case I only feel them -- so, I can render those feelings into thoughts or pictures to get a sense of the perception, it's not as obvious. my working theory on how to improve these, is that: those bad feelings are reflective/resonant of/with a symbol, and so it's my belief in that symbol which is actually causing the bad feeling.
an example of this could be "nice guys finish last". so, if I see a "nice guy" having some unfortunate result to his effort, that could make me feel bad -- right, so it's once again the classic conditioning that we get from these stories and narratives handed down to us from on high, where we're bombarded with narratives that bring these symbols to life in vivid form -- which upon careful inspection, a "nice guy" has nothing to do with what he's attracting at all, so it's a completely artificial construct. everyone finishes in the position that they attractt.
  I used this example, because personally, I try to "finish last" -- as it's part of my internal "make up" -- cause if I'm trying to finish first, then I'm looking at it from a perspective that doesn't jive with me. finishing last isn't a bad thing. you know, I'm reminded of [rachael vs leah](/centre-place.md#lost-10-tribes) where rachael has the "last" perspective, and it takes her some getting over watching others get what they she wants, to finally let herself have what she wants -- and when she does, it's very abundant. anyway...

the final aspect to this which was really important for me to learn was the concept of "how I *really* feel" -- because the way my body feels on the outside is not the same way that *I* feel on the inside. whenever a thing happens where I see one of those symbolic things happening in the physical and I don't resolve it to the general case: for example, "I need/want you to do X, so that I can have/be/feel Y" I get stuck in the details of the action or the feelings surrounding it and totally am clueless as tto why my body feels really bad -- and I *really* notice it too the more allowing of others' behaviour I become -- so when these things happen, it's an alarms for me where I know that my body (which is where our recognition of those symbols in physical format is happening) feels one way about something, but *I* feel a different way.
the reason why my body feels one way and *I* feel another way on the inside is because my body is looking all around and noticing those symbols and pointing them out to me so that I can be scared of scary things and stuff like that (all the cultural/biological/social programming), so since I'm recognising those symbols physically, my *body* feels that way as a response -- but on the inside I'm recognising and interacting with the same symbols in a more of a "sense" or "knowing" (emotive) kind of way, and so *that* prespective is a lot different, cause that's how I *really* feel about those symbols.
