# the-word

when you were [talking about philo's perception](https://youtu.be/OkfwN0gV5xA?t=412) of how the word is like this shadow of God, but not God himself, I understood that to mean what I would call "form" or "symbol" (3rd ray percption).

to illustrate this idea, I want to back up to plato and his forms (which are more like concepts). to draw the distinction between a concept (plato's form) and a symbol (which is what I call a form or archetype), is simply the difference between the word (symbol/archetype) and its shadow (vibration -- which can be slowed further into light or sound). imagine a bunch of points of consciousness all out in the middle of the void (no physical creation), and they're moving about in relationship to each other (think of something that looks like metatron's cube and other platonic solids being of least complexity). therefore these points of consciousness moving around and observing their relationship to one other create n-dimensional shapes. we'll say that these forms or structures are the archetypes or the world from which all creation is formed.

now, because each of those words/symbols are vibrating at a rate which is incomprehensible to us, we'll perceive each of these symbols as stable entities, not having any unbalance to them, meaning that they vibrate forever in the same way as always before; they are eternal.

when those vibrations pass over into "physical", this is the size of frequency we call atomic (where as these words are subatomic -- smaller/faster vibrations than physical), these vibrations start to mix with the mediums (electrostatic, magnetic, etc.) and start to lose the clarity that they have in subatomic, and this clarity introduces distortions into the lower harmonics, which appears to us as noise. we can consider each of these instatiations of the form/symbol/word into the medium as an imperfect representation of itself (cause it's altered by the medium -- just like twins/clones are never exactly the same). meaning that every single atom in existence is slightly unique because it's absolutely impossible for two things to have exactly the same environment/medium that surrounds it.

when I say environment/medium, I'm of course referring to slower frequency bands, where strong interaction takes place, so it's like a fractal thing that extends out of non-physical/subatomic (the void/infinte, God). one would think that an infinitely expanding set of vibrations would continue to produce faster and faster frequencies, but something about the physical medium (I haven't figured it out, but I think it has to do with how impacts/interference works), causes vibrations to slow down to slower speeds, until they become. interesting, I don't know how to explain the picture, but what I see is that something very high frequency (subatomic) emitter which is like a sort of chaos/entropy that's constantly interfering with all physical vibrations causing all things to slow down.
physical vibrations (atoms) have a sort of template to them, which causes them to get their form and shape and allow them to coalece and things like that. I'll call this the "carrier signal" (like a voice signal can be modulated in to the carrier signal for radio transmissions), and that very high frequency signal is a harmonic of the carrier signal, so there are constant destructive interference happening with everything physical, meaning that everything is constantly decaying, meaning that only the signals that have sustain coming from the galaxy, stars, or elsewhere is going to continue to decay.
the constant decay/entropy of everything physical means that for anything that wants to continue on, it has to have a strong signal source supporting it. I call this "desire" because all of that destrutctive interference isn't actually destroying the signal, because the impact creates a reflection, which can then be tuned into further, and those signals theirself will eventually start to become coherent in that medium that's extremely high frequency.

the medium that's extremely high frequency is what I call the relational (2nd ray) where it takes all symbols and various transformations on them, and pulls those frequencies together. it's like a very large computer (it's very conscious I should say) pragmatically finding relations in all of that chaos and getting those vibrations to start coming together and create new forms. I'm pretty certain this is the function of (some) stars. it's clear to me at this point that not all stars are equal in operation, as for example the 2nd ray star I described above is like sirius a, but the high frequency emitter of entropy is more like sirius b. I don't know much about stars, but they're kind of like computers in how they operate cause they fluctuate in their output.
a 1st ray star will adjust its output to destroy the things that it doesn't like -- wear them down over time until they decay into nothingness; meanwhile, a 2nd ray star will output new forms/symbols as a result of new connections/relations/harmonies it's found in the chaos to other symbols. each new symbol gets added on and it grows indefinitely. the 1st ray stars seem to increase in frequency (becoming more and more dense (sirius b)), not in size (sirius a). I don't fully understand it.

anyway, what I was trying to say has shifted now... but I notice that if I think of the word as 3rd ray, the beginning as 2nd ray, and God as 1st ray, it sorta works out. that idea of all things coming out of 1st ray has reshaped the image in my head, so that now it looks like this extremely chaotic emitter, out of which you can imagine the word is fashioning all of these different forms (n-dimensional vibrating consciousness) to funnel this noisy/chaotic output of God into something comprehensible: "through him (the word) all things were made."
