# lord-of-the-throne

a mobile app. you bring it up, and it has a few boxes (no title):

[ 5m  ]
[ 10m ]
[ 15m ]
[ 20m ]
[ 30m ]
[ 40m ]
[ 1h ]
[ 2h ]
[ 4h ]

OK, so it's a heraldry app where all tthe time the symbolism is changing, and all it is, is a symbolism app, where people share and display symbolic images that they've collected. that's one option.
after that, what the app is doing for you is it's finding you something interesting to you related to the *games* (complexity adjustted for ttime selected) and so what you als odo is you put a bunch of heraldric symbols in there, so that evidence of a certain symbol has appeared here.
or, say for example you want to get your time selected's worth of interesting articles: *news*. the joke here is that the lowest time is the shittier article; if they wanna be prepared to be there, say for 4h or more to get a really good one.
after that, there is of course also going to be featuring new other categories of essentially *games* that you play with on your phone -- they function kind of like micro-apps where you can just let the creator of the category put in the content that they want there in that category. OK, then I can get more new kinds of micro-apps selected, essentially creating a new diversity space of their own. that's cool, I know.
I would also want to eventually build up a new -- these things are all going to connected to data and stuff, so really the data for this app will be sourced by "trustable" resources; know what I mean? so then, you (I mean, I) can now imagine mirco-apps that all have a data structure of some kind, which relates to these symbol's way, as related to the micro-app (concept). so I can now look at it as a concept: a concept is a vibration or identity of some sort. few identities will be pure, and the purer the concept, the less desirable, it was. this is kinda how sex works, right. the thing is, -- hang on.
what will eventually emerge from such a system, is a cohesive way to interact with each other, because each one of these (concepts) are just a view into this symbolic system of data; the medium *is*; the message.
    OH, so you're referring to me in as relating to girls sexually tthat have a lot of attraction. though, that's a property of nature, I don't perceive it like that at all. though, I find them higly attractive, they are only attractive at a distance until they get tto close. I've typically just been one of those guys that typically doesn't want to feel the way that they do. I'm *far* more attracted to all the other ones, and that's even feeling all that much attraction toward them. I'm *sorta* "scared" more than anything -- a sort of terror that happens if you try and go too fast toward something unwanted. that's easily solved by feeling the way I want to feel. anyway, the unwanted only happens when she (I mean, anything) would disturb my trajectory too much. I attract wanted, so I don't have to worry too much about that. I know there are ohters more aware of how "stable" I am. I have no clue, cause I just go toward wanted, all of that is completely off my radar. my point is this: I'm already *far* "worse" on myself than she would be, so anyone that matched me would be going as fast as I am. it'll happen eventually. remember, there will eventually be people with more contrast now, going faster than me, eventually "kill" me by going faster than I. so I could imagine that I would have to continue to go for as much contrast as possible to keep up.
you see, there's thiss thing that really keeps you up, and  that is that I's just feeling the way I want to feel, because all of you symbolic guys out there (venus-in-disguise) are just looking for whatever you wantto see. we do this in each other all the time, and those foolish identity with our symbolic version of another person, is different than I think them to bwe. think of this now from the perspective of attraction. I see them as a thing, and if the thing is not something I want to feel like, I just doge. you know it's just like -- well, I learned it from rupert, who manages to wiggle himself out of a bad-feeling situation with ease. know what I mean? it's easy to see how he did it for me, which is just relating a bad feeling to an alarm, and then when the alarm goes off, jusxt sorta peace out of there. not worth the conflict. it's just like bad vibes, right? -- interesting.

OK, so the reason why this app is important is because it's a great way to introduce symbols into the system. I've learned a lot from the "Lilluminati" in the sense that these are just reflective beings, and so if you wanted to perform a symbolic act on history, you put out your symbols ahead of time. you embed them into the "psyche" of the perceivers of those symbols, much like how a play does on a person, and so we can now think of these symbols, now as interactive symbols, where a symbol is represented or instantiated into multi-symbol-concepts. I mean from a database structure perspective, each concept contains many symbols, so the relation is many-to-one. in the endd, we can see these symbols as transforming and moving. a sort of "director's seat" of symbols appearance in-time (check other timeline I watched [cameron's video on directing](https://youtu.be/qTVGXcmk0xg) cause if you get enough people to believe in something, you can make it happen).
at any rate, the way I want to look into the world is probably "ahead of it's time" though, so I probably won't even try to do something like that. my *only* job is to feel good, and ultimately the way many of us feel will begin to differ greatly between us, and the grave news is that I learned the other day (from a reputable source: shakespere and steiner, and mckenna) that eclipeses are a way to create timelines that sorta branch off from the one that I'm on.
what I determined is that, because I don't have any "pinecone" in my head, because I surgically I had my "angel seat" organ removed. therefore, I am *permanently* in the physical world. during eclipeses, and we have a multi-year eclipse coming soon if that's what it's decided to put our relation to the sun. I have no idea, but it's probably all figured out -- and what'll happen is we'll branch off to multiple timelines: the physical (for which I'm physically retained, because of this body); and, the astral. I really like the idea of remaining in physical. I made the choice to be here. you know that physical eyes can also see at very high frequency. I don't need to have vision inside of my head and my aura around me, in order to see with my eyes.
so anyway, we'll be dividing inthe not to distant future. it's totally fine, cool and all I can say is: don't worry. you have a very stable guy you're relying upon. I've come a long way, and I don't really I don't really mind the concept of building a whole nother reality upon my perception, and I am a bit of an egoist, but I think it''l be fine. trust me ~)
lol.

it's really important to think of this app as a way tto find something to do with a person with only a few minutes of time. another feature that I think is really important is to to look at the next section of the interface:


"move legs" reminder

[ 0m ] |---------| [ 10m ]
           (0m)

   x vibrate
   o alert
   o notify

this feature is simply a reminder (while you're on your throne) to move your feet with tiny reminder.

OK, I forgot the initial feature, which is the loading screen. all good and really powerful apps have a loading screen. a loading screen is a powerful symbol of bloat and sheer quantity, where we show a symbol (at random) of a set a symbols (chaos ----|---- order), and another symbol I've seen in the last (0m ----|---- anytime), and one is cached for the next startup before loading up that bloated monster, it shows that symbol as the loading screen.
I also want to make a feature where peeople can just browse other people's symbolic pictures -- like I want to see awesome artwoork of another person's symbols (listed in tthe artwork) ands then other people can label artwork, which is essentially a concept; a sort of moment in time (or control point) of that concept's trajectory through time. I want everyone to be able to put in their own ideas of symbols on other people's artwork.
symbols aren't all though, because similarly to another cool feature will be another interface is how concepts relate to each other, where people relate twe concepts (artwork) as being similar to another. I know every artist *hates* to be copied, but in reality, the collective body of that artwork is like a fixture in point of time, as 1 million years from now, plato getting hit by the apple on his head, will still look the same. "art" (in the traditional sense) never changes. since the image is the same (movies, film, print, etc.), the fixture is the same -- and that seems very stable to a lot of symbolic guys like me, but one has to realise that art is no longer fixed with the creation of games and social media memes. the way that we relate to these symbols, is no longer fixed and is now moving at the rate of human perception, so even the most horrific tragedy will be perceived in a new way before such apocalyptic scenarios would happen -- but I think this is already happening: like I said: from a fairly relable source (shakeshpere, steiner, plato, and mckenna), the moon, when it passes in front of the sun, for reasons of those that see the 2nd ray aspect (through astral or spectral). the others (physical ones) like me, we're more of the primary perspectives which is 1-3-5-7 -- so what's already happening is that there are already significant splits every time the moon passes in front of the sun, those two realities remain separate, and one could say, we'll serve as the source of all of those layers as we move our consciousness up. bet you wanna do that too, huh? well, it's really easy: be physical. my whole goal is to make an entire new species of people that are physically incapable of being in 2-4-6 perception; cause, look at me: I know the astral well because I'm pretty good at physical and conceptual. I'm also really good at symbols and canceptual, making me also really good at spectral. my desire is (and this is a relative eventuality), I want to have a physical model of a person with essentially a funnel-like structure there, making the emit/receptive element on the top of the head, being only receptive/attractive. people with that physiology will be like me; where, there is a portion of good (mostly good), but because our creativity surpasses our losses from such tiny bits of evil, we're a sort of YHVH where, there's a tiny bit of evil but such an overpowering amount of good, it far surpasses all evil -- meaning that you get that tiny barrier of evil that, if you let them get too close to you, they can wreck you. a good example of this is venus and saturn. saturn has a silly haunted memory of something long past, venus shits on him every time he gets too close; simply because he sees 3 through the perspective of 4, which means that his concepts and symbols, don't always match; same will be for tehfuture's 1 and 3's (but I think that's a solid millions of years down the drain before we get that).

so, it's really important to be getting the right feeling stuff for the occasion. the next screen you see after that, is mood.

[upset: ----|---- :tired] X
[funny: ----|---- :loving] X
[happy: ----|---- :joyful] X
[     : ----|---- :      ] (+1)
.... and so on; scrollable window
[pissed off!
    --------|-----------
    upset!] X
[I'm about to explode!
    -----------------|---------------
    make it stop!] X
[     [^!?;.]
    --------|-----------
            [^!?;.]] (+1)

the point of this feature is to set the tone for the articles (in the case of news), or games (based on some black box AI (or some other means)), you simply relate the intensity of the content to the mood of the user.

at this point, I think it'd be important to pay a trip to see the guys that make south park, as I think they'd probably have some contennt ideass, I'm sure... this whole app is designed to gave you the best (or some other quality) toilet experience, you've ever had.

so let's go over this: we start with a symbol of predertimined quality by the user (in conceptual form, of its style). then the app just puts you through those three interfaces. the first is to ask the flusher (I prefer this to to user, as, one does not "use" the toilet, but one "flushes" the toilet; important.). the first interface is a request to ask the flusher (flushor?) how long they want to spend on the toilet. next, they sett their move legs reminder, to periodically vibrate/alert/notify them (at some interval) -- and this is a feature that I think we can really expand on, as I'm sure it'll be a pretty hot thing for the creativity of new notifications, cause if you click on notify, it brings up another interface which is essentially a browser of different notifications. I imagine they'll be more like memes, sound, video, interactive moment, etc. -- and this really is a good thing to direct advertisers into becoming a part of, because the users theirselves will pick the kind of adversising that they want. this entire system will be open source and publically traded, as a sort of collateral or capital (cornerstone) upon which the flushors (it's really important we emphasise hygene for our users by calling them flushors -- we don't want any disases spreading because of our app). actually, it's probably a good idea, now that I'm thinking about it, that we should initiate an investigation into the product quality, to ensure that our flushors are not contributing in any negative way to our environment and sewage systems.
it's important to know your environment's hygene, and we here at lord-of-the-throne, we feel it's really important and maintain a positive image of hygene, buecase we don't want peoplle shitting on each other; I mean, look at the romans -- they'll tell you that sewers are important. number one concern back then: aquaducts; I mean, sewers.

OK, let's try the lord-of-the-throne experience out again: I open the app, and then depending on the user's preference of length and conceptal relations (concepts that are similar to each other) -- cause I forgot to explain that each concept, on the four corners of the device, there are drawers that the flushor can look at. by default these five sections of the screen (where the middel one is a similar concept (relationally) to the current concept) are all concepts that are similar in a different (directions) so if we look at the concept as a vector in a cloud of all concepts, looking/projecting outward in the direction of the vector, and angle, and corrected field of view, a number of similar concepts will be in the vicinity. in the centre there, there's also way to relate the app to another one, so "no it's more like" and then link it to the app. this is also another (obviously to be exploited) ccommercial aspect of the app, which is to allow companies to relate concepts one to another, and to begin to create a micro-network of related concepts (for them). as others adopt others, their vector's perception will shift toward the group and then eventually *with* the groupo. it's important to let the most successful perception of the labels become naturally the dominant groups; and, there's no more stabilising force than the money system.
    like, you've seen the federal reserve, right? trust me, there's so much more desire for it's success at this point than others have fear of it's failure. what we need, is a lot of people monetising this app to help our flushors get the best bathroom experience. it's simple math/geometry.
that reminds me, we need a logistics unit to ensure that we're going to be able to not too negatively impact our physical sewer systems with too much mass.
yes, yes, what we're looking to do, more than anything, is to ensure that the whole system of poop is experienced in the most -- meaningful -- way, possible. important.

tthis feature is actually very important I just now noticed, and that is to make it a music player, that way you can get a good audio windup to the event, but even I susupect thhat our research team will be able to make it possible to even influence and schedule your events as well, because lots of people integrate with their phones already with an earbud, so to take advantage of that and provide them with an audio expeience along the duration of the time of buildup, and during the event, is a really important experience that our flushors are going to to be able to configure. just the same as the conceptual interacttive bits, it seems to me that the same conceptual system of buildingg and relating interactive concepts can be used to clasify and even synthesise songs for your experience. like, we need to make sure to give as much power to the artist to be able to create the right atmosphere they think will want to experience within the confines of the set of symbols associated with that concept. in addition (and this is in resonse to all concepts) relations to other concept, perhaps/probably even in a symbolic fashion. actually, we're going to need to have another unit correlating our mass expulsion research with the various audio experiences. we can call it the expulsion/waste corrolary/hypothesis/theory. in fact we can also market the same app with all of those many (12?) possible names; thirteen in total -- fourteen, if you count the lord-of-the-throne (btw, these need to be really big and gawdy, like we're some sort of posh heraldry app. invite only, of course, unlisted -- cause that's what the hipsters are looking for). the rest of the people will access the app through one of those other names, and their inteface will be a different bathroom experience look into the same thing. gatta start whith our heads in the sewer, and then work our way up (is that the right way to say it? it sounds kinda gross -- like is sewer referring to a body organ, or like a clean, spotness and white, mr. clean sewer; or, like a really gross one; I don't know). that got rough at the end.

---

you know, I'm not really a fan of visual things myself, so one thing I would actually like about this app, is to kinda have a non-visual experience. one of the things that I noticed on the toilet is that it's quite an emotional/conceptual experience. I often times think of things that I otherwise wouldn't have -- and, it feels also like there's some sort of AI (or mr. motor himself -- our new satan, btw) is probing my head for synthesis of a concept into translated form (essentially based on the way that I feel). I imagine, and we're going to have to do research on it, how to get conceptual data from the flushor, but I think it would be eventually pretty cool to relate all of these physical concepts to the concepts that are inside of the brain. what I mean is, I'm fairly certain that it'll be possible to correlate the different concepts experienced by the flushor in the app interface, to the kinds of concepts (that is, how they feel, so these will just be RLC circuits that can sense a frequency and its harmonics) which are being expulsed. in fact, I think it'd be pretty important to setup another really important unit, which is aroma research, because I have a theory that our gut bactera (and their corresponding smell) is *directly* related to how we feel, combined with the emision of the digested food products. there's quite a bit of commercial expansion possible here, because, if you're making GMO foods, for example, it's going to be really important to provide foods that *don't* produce an wanted bathroom (and aftermath) experience. the correlation of food (along with it's vibrational and structural components) with the vibration it emits is not a complete look into the picture: knowing the mood of the flushor, is *also* important, because: it's the *person that's shitting*, not the food; very important, so let's keep that in mind.

### 2023-04-05 20:16 - another bad idea; coming through, yaght.

imagine you have a yaght and it's floating in a sea of shit. like, the amount of raw sewages has grown to such a large quantity, that the vast vast ocean (a giant toilet bowl) is now beginning to really notice that there's a lot of human waste from an increasing number of people putting their sewage into the ocean, using the ocean (effectively), as their toilet; cause, let's just say hypothetically speaking (and this really is a hypothetical scenarion), what if we were to have an exponentially growing number of pirates in the water; let's consider the consequences: the real harm that they're doing (besiseds their accents) is *not directly* targeting any single individual or commercial venture, but the *entire planet*! so, let's just picture that yaght; now floating, in a sea of shit. that's a tragedy right there. save the yaghts man; we are now approaching a crucial moment in history where we run the risk of contracting rickets (gang-green) from open seawater; let that sink in. however but, by having an iminent threat that we need to solve, ASAP, we are motivated to do our best to not become a notable contribution to so called, "global warming" (AGW). if such hypothetical pirates were to ever start using the ocean as their shitter, we could be dealing with a tremendous threat to humankind: we really don't want soggy shit baking in the sun. ah, that reminds me: I think it most iminent to form another unit, and this can be a subsidiary of the mass research institute (for really shitty lessons, cause they lesson with time) where (because of this looming threat) we actually ensure (for the well-being of our planet's sakee,) that the percentage of floaters never reaches an unmanageable trajectory which could potentially cause a cascading disaster all over the planet, (just) cause AGW spirals out of control and kills us all; just, for one moment, imagine the unttold effects a balmer's peak in the oceans toilet could present for evolution of new species: it looks like it's going better and better, until the toxins in the system havve built up to such an extreme, that the new species are not coherent. would could have, and I repeat, this is a hypothetically real threat, if there were ever to be an skyrocketing of pirate population, a global warming threat like we've never before seen. imagine the day after the tomorrow when our oceans were once but still an aquarium teeming with life (not shit) -- would (potentially, and this really is hypothetical) have a threat where we could mobilise all the experts (and scientists alike) into our iminent global warming threat. (for the whole globe I remind you; not just the ocean goers) because of methane produced from those stinkers disintigrating, only from sunlight and adventurous fish nibbles: (a primordial mound's worth) of methane produced each second. a top priority threat that we here at lord-of-the-throne are committed to solving.

have I sunk the idea yet?
