
### 2022-05-23 11:55 - enki's cosmogeny

I'm 4/14th of the way done with reading the lost book of enki now and I just wanted to write some ideas down. I was going to do it last night, but decided to sleep on it a night.

I really get the sense that sitchin's translation is really good. the "chariots" for example seem to be a type of ship that can only travel on the ecliptic and therefore has to do many circles in the neutral magnetic zone at the equator to slow its inertia to ascend/descend to the planet. because it was confined to only equatorial motion, the "hammered braclet" asteroid belt was a serious problem for those early models. in contrast, the "rocketship" seems to have a system of propulsion and can fly "over" the astroids instead of having to push its way through. it's nice to see those kinds of distinctions, and altogether I feel the translation is really good. there was one more thing I noticed buc can't remember now.

now, about its contents: the story is really good -- almost too good. second, it seems that nibiru has a lot of the elements that ancient mars had. remember that one CIA report on the remote viewing target of mars 1M BC?

the next thing that caught my attention was the alalu character. in the sirian guide, he fits the description very well of jeortau. I do think the giant face on mars was his tomb. the other convienient thing it explains is why anu doesn't have manparts -- cause he bit them off and swallowed them, right? well, the triad is anu/anatau, jeortau/alalu, sanatau/enki/ptah. I think anu is just a really masculine female.

there's another insistance that this narrative has which I noticed, which is that the planets are given importance (named after the nobility), and a lot are given female status. for example antu (the wife of anu) is the same planet as enki, neptune. the sun (apsu) is also once again masculine, and in some cases mates with the planets, but this is a bit weird because not all the planets are feminine.

the female planet also seems to be an excuse to explain tiamat's production of 11 moons, the foremost, kingu, our moon today. the whole kingu thing seems to be a cover story. I'm hesitant to write out this idea already until I know more, but here's my initial idea on it.

the history is cyclical. the same events appear over and over in smaller and smaller bits. this is a key point to the story, and they call these cyclical "unavoidable" events, "destinies". planets and people seem to have them. jeortau, I believe is the origin of the "tower of babel" story as he tried to raise a tower that would rival the gods.

the sense I get is that jeortau/alalu/lucifer decided to split from the martian leadership and he went to the planet zyron/nibiru (perhaps earth as well) and started his own setup. his technology became better and better, rivaling and surpassing the martians, and so then he set nibiru on a very "lofty" (enlongated) highly elevated orbit that made him far superior to the martians and all the other planets in the galaxy. it's quite likely that he used some sort of technology to create moons and other things (matter creation), whereas the martians seemingly understood matter destruction (carving rocks through subtraction and cutting, etc.).

the martians obviously had to put a stop to this, so they began to do something that caused a whole lot of damage. this seemed to have done a lot of damage to mars (the reason for its atomosphere hole), and to earth as well.

there is this important part in the book about the "destinies" and the ability to alter the desitiny of a planet (it's orbit), and I get the feeling that this was being manipulated and is what caused nibiru/zyron to disturb so many other planet's orbits and do so much destruction. you know how velikovski suggests that somehow venus turned into a comet, but has no method of explaining how? well, imagine for a moment that "moses" had access to the great pyramid and (like this book explains), alter the "destiny" of venus so that it would begin to create close approaches to earth. well, same thing, cept imagine for a moment that the martians also had the capability to alter the orbits of other planets.

so then just like the martian leadership is doing to me, imagine for a moment that I'm tiamat/nibiru and I want to go to a very elevated and lofty orbit (kinda like pluto is becoming) because at an incline, I'm off of the ecliptic and therefore difficult to reach by "chariot", and being so "lofty" (long period) it starts to get too costly for them to control. out there I begin to create a number of small planets (probably the beginning of a new solar system -- we're gonna do it our own way in our own system). the martians don't want that, so they start pulling my orbit into the system closer and closer where they can control it again. this greatly destabilises the "destiny" of the planet as the tug-of-war increases.

it's pretty likely that they weren't winning the war, so they murdered alalu/lucifer eventually to finally win the tug-of-war. after that happened, with alalu no longer around to guide the planet, nibiru/tiamat/zyron's "destiny" came blasting through the solar system, knocking nearly everything down as it passed.

to kind of smoothe over the murder, they probably celebrated him, turned him into a holiday, named a some things after him, etc. and then they do like they always do: make a giant monument/memorial to comemorate the problematic one to their narrative they had to take out (jfk, mlk, etc).

that was the first destruction of mankind (we were too smart and too good at everything). this caused a lot of difficulty and division, so probably the north and south division said to have happened on nibiru, was actually an event that happened on mars. the strife wars and difficulty are likely what caused the decrease in magnetic field and problem in the atmosphere on *mars*, not nibiru. nibiru/zyron/tiamat probably had a really good atmosphere with very thriving and healthy people.

I find it likely that lucifer's phase actually had a purpose. in et-view-of-creation, kuthumi talks about how there were still a lot of INFECTED ONES that didn't get caught up into bodies and were still around on other galaxies in permanent astral form. lucifer's planet of very healthy and vibrant humans with a decent, clear-headed leader that rivaled the martians was probably a very attractive thing for those other INFECTED ONES that were still out and about. all of the opportunistic power hungry ones flooded into the martian bodies, but I find it likely that the other more neutral (I like nice things, but I don't necessarily need to destroy others to get those good conditions that I need to feel good, types), and the good and bad sides were created. the good condition needers may have also been artificially created by lucifer as well, to sort of group of "good fallen angels" to keep the conflict going.

---

there's another serious problem with the narrative that tells me that it's a narrative rather than a historical account is the time problem. supposedly a "shar" is 3600y and that was the orbital period of nibiru. when they go to earth, after sending word, they decide to go back, but they wait *a whole shar* until the planet is near to the sun again. that's 3600y. they also say the sun rises and sets very rapidly on earth (let's say it's something equivalent to 6h day), but they don't really talk about earth days until the "7 days of creation" -- in which, if the days were that short, they seemed to have accomplished a lot in those very short days, but then decide to wait 3600 more revolutions around the sun, but all they filled was a few basketfuls of gold. my goodness, if the days were as productive as they were in the 7 days of creation, they should have got a lot more than that.

I don't wish to outline all of the time issues, but they are quite numerous. I've been thinking about this whole mars 1Mya remote viewing thing and if that's the case, something had to have taken up all of that time. the sirians say that time has been slowed down a whole bunch here, over and over, the final aspect of it is the physical (the most stagnant) and its reciprocal: desire/random/chaos. so imagine for a moment that the earth has turned around the sun 1M times since then, there must have occurred a time where lots and lots of time passed, but day/night cycles were not observed.

I find it likely that whatever lucifer was doing must have introduced a technology that allowed them to begin to fix a frequency and then build up an atmosphere using that technique. I think they did that on mars and they must have also done it on earth, too. I think it would have made a very thick barrier (a sort of greenhouse) which keeps heat in so it doesn't get too cold, and also keeps the sun rays out too. likely the whole planet was filled with lots and lots of CO2 and so the whole place emitted an even white light, so they had no knowledge of the days (rotation of the planet), and so only counted in years. that's the only possible explanation I can make of so much time passage.

it'd be interesting to see someone remote view mars 100-200kya. I would guess that the martians have built a lot of structures and have a vibrant atmosphere at that time. they then broght that technology to earth and upon it, they founded the atlantis empire.

---

speaking of which, atlantis isn't really mentioned so far. I have a feeling that "edin" is atlantis, and that is where enlil sets up his ... OH, the reactions are telling me that's balbek. maybe it's tied in with the americas... I dunno yet

---

the last thing that has impressed me by this book is how it seems like the same history repeats itself. I'll assemble a better outline soon, but this seems to be the entire intention of the author. it has some funny and convenient narratives that make a good story, but it feels to me that the author is trying to say that there is a pattern that repeats over and over, and one may consider this to be like the "destiny" of a planet, but the destiny of a planet can be altered, and so therefor isn't "set in stone" -- even though they were stone tablets engraved with the planets' destinies. so, a person's trajectory through time is more like a "fate".

I don't know how to explain, but it feels like this document was given to a scribe as a means to essentially compress time. I have another theory even more radical than the one above which is where this document enabled "God" to create the world and everything in it in only 6ky, allowing us to have the massive time compression we see today. that one is going to take me a bit to explain, but maybe lucifer is going for a galaxy instead of just a solar system this time, but instead of having to do anything, it all becomes effortless because this is the 7th day (of rest).
